0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here To Stay Or A Passing Fad?    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles 0% APR Credit Card Offers 0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here To
Stay Or A Passing Fad? Low interest and 0% introductory rates for credit
cards have been around for quite a while but not so long ago a mere
fifteen years or so you had to take a one size fits all rate determined by
the bank – typically 18% and pay a $20 annual fee for the privilege. Today
it is almost uncommon to find a credit card that doesn't offer at least
some type of incentive rate during the first 6 or 12 months of getting the
card.  The most popular credit card deals offer a 0% APR on credit card purchases
and balance transfers for at least one year. Consumers have come to take
these teaser rates for granted and tend to shop for 0% APR Credit cards based
on these rather than the permanent or go to APR. The use of the low APR
teaser rates so called because they lured cardmembers into taking the
credit card offer and then the rates would go up dramatically soon
thereafter were pioneered with the advent of the monoline bank a bank that
only issued credit cards and didn't take deposits or make other types of
loans . This new breed of credit card bank came on the scene in the late
1980's and made full use of newly available consumer credit databases to
make targeted offers to different populations based on risk. The 1980's
were also the first time that mass direct mail campaigns were used to
solicit millions of consumers for credit cards at once across the United
States. Once the genie was let out of the bottle with low interest
introductory rates it was impossible to get it back it seems, so what was
intended to be a novel but temporary marketing gimmick has proven to be an
ongoing cost of doing business for the credit card banks. Unless you
revolve a credit card balance from month to month, even a 0% APR Credit card
intro rate isn't that appealing, but if you are transferring balances from
another high rate credit card or need to do some short-term borrowing it
can really provide some much-needed financial breathing room.  Some fads like the pet rock don't stick around for very long but low
interest introductory rates, even at 0% APR, appear to be a semi-permanent
part of the credit card industry in America. But as with many things that
are taken for granted they may not last forever. Want to know more about
0% APR Credit cards? Below are articles and resources that should be of
interest to you:  After the Intro – Variable vs. Fixed Rate Credit Cards – Learn the
differences in how credit card rates are calculated and how they can
change. How to use low APR credit cards to become debt free – Tips on
using 0% interest credit cards to eliminate credit card debt. 0% APR Credit
Cards – Compare leading 0% interest rate credit card offers side by side &
Apply for the card of your choice.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here To Stay Or A Passing Fad? 0% APR Credit Card
Offers – Here to Stay Or A Passing Fad; recent history of low interest, 0%
introductory rates and low introductory rates on credit cards. 0% intro
rates for the personal credit card offer, and what 0% APR balance
transfers mean for consumers transferring balances, low APR and low
interest rate credit cards appeal to those transferring balances,
temporary marketing gimmick has become semi-permanent but may not last
forever, if you don't have a 0% rate apply securely online 0% APR Credit Card
Offers – Here To Stay Or A Passing Fad? 0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here to
Stay Or A Passing Fad; recent history of low interest, 0% introductory
rates and low introductory rates on credit cards. 0% intro rates for the
personal credit card offer, and what 0% APR balance transfers mean for
consumers transferring balances, low APR and low interest rate credit
cards appeal to those transferring balances, temporary marketing gimmick
has become semi-permanent but may not last forever, if you don't have a 0%
rate apply securely online 0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here To Stay Or A
Passing Fad? 0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here to Stay Or A Passing Fad; recent
history of low interest, 0% introductory rates and low introductory rates
on credit cards. 0% intro rates for the personal credit card offer, and
what 0% APR balance transfers mean for consumers transferring balances,
low APR and low interest rate credit cards appeal to those transferring
balances, temporary marketing gimmick has become semi-permanent but may
not last forever, if you don't have a 0% rate apply securely online 0%
Credit Card Offers – Here To Stay Or A Passing Fad? 0% APR Credit Card Offers
– Here to Stay Or A Passing Fad; recent history of low interest, 0%
introductory rates and low introductory rates on credit cards. 0% intro
rates for the personal credit card offer, and what 0% APR balance
transfers mean for consumers transferring balances, low APR and low
interest rate credit cards appeal to those transferring balances,
temporary marketing gimmick has become semi-permanent but may not last
forever, if you don't have a 0% rate apply securely online 0% APR Credit Card
Offers – Here To Stay Or A Passing Fad? 0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here to
Stay Or A Passing Fad; recent history of low interest, 0% introductory
rates and low introductory rates on credit cards. 0% intro rates for the
personal credit card offer, and what 0% APR balance transfers mean for
consumers transferring balances, low APR and low interest rate credit
cards appeal to those transferring balances, temporary marketing gimmick
has become semi-permanent but may not last forever, if you don't have a 0%
rate apply securely online  0% APR Credit Card Offers, 0% introductory rates,
0% APR, low interest credit cards 