  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles American Express – An American Success Story American
Express – An American Success Story The American Express company is now 155
years old and going strong. The global financial services powerhouse is one
of this nation's most recognizable brands around the world, in the same
league as Coca-Cola and Disney. And, it is the power of this brand that
has sustained the company through some difficult times.  American Express started out in 1850 as a freight and valuables delivery
service for the rapidly expanding nation. The fledgling U.S. Postal
service was quite unreliable at the time and only allowed shipment of
letter-sized envelopes. This provided a business opening for the company
to ship larger parcels and valuable items such as jewelry, cash, stock
certificates and other merchandise. American Express began to realize more
profit from a sector of their customer base which included banks and other
financial institutions. Banks placed a high value on American Express'
secure and reliable delivery service for inter bank transfers and drafts
made between eastern cities and the growing western territories. American
Express then began focusing their efforts on this sector and used their
connections to eventually enter the financial services arena.  In the late 1890's, American Express decided to compete with the very banks
they serviced by issuing money orders. This line of business took off
rapidly and allowed the company to expand into Europe, where the American
Express brand name became associated with security, capital and
dependability. Soon thereafter, the company had major offices in London,
Paris, Antwerp, Zurich and Berlin. A major world event, the beginning of
World War I, forced American Express into the travel services businesses.
Over 150,000 Americans were stranded in Europe in 1914 at the outbreak of
the Great War. These citizens flocked to the offices of American Express
seeking funds after other European banks refused to honor their American
letters of credit. American Express honored these letters of credit in
full, which allowed American citizens to fund their passage back home. In
1922, American Express jumped headlong into the travel services business
by providing luxury steamship travel around the world, along with most
other related services for passengers. And the traveler's check business
meshed well with this well-heeled crowd of luxury globe hoppers. The
travelers check business fueled the growth of the company over the next
several decades based on the upfront fees and wise investment of the float
income involved.  In the 1950's, American Express issued their first credit card, which
caught on quickly in the booming post-war economy. In 1966, the company
issued their first Gold Card , in an effort to cater to the upper echelon
of business travel. Further product differentiation was achieved in the
1990's with the first Platinum Card . American Express continues to be a
powerful global brand through the present day with an incredible array of
consumer products ranging from the Blue Card to the ultra exclusive Black
Card which isn't even advertised to the public, but is only issued by
invitation only to the wealthy and famous . If you would like to review
the products offered by this brand icon, please visit our American Express
section. For additional information on credit cards or related topics
please visit our library of credit card articles .    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  American Express – An American Success Story History of how American
express is an American success story including how they came to issue
products like the gold card and platinum card.  American Express – An
American Success Story History of how American express is an American
success story including how they came to issue products like the gold card
and platinum card.  American Express – An American Success Story History of
how American express is an American success story including how they came
to issue products like the gold card and platinum card.  American Express
– An American Success Story History of how American express is an American
success story including how they came to issue products like the gold card
and platinum card.  American Express – An American Success Story History
of how American express is an American success story including how they
came to issue products like the gold card and platinum card.   American
express, credit card, gold card, platinum card 