    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Citi Simplicity Card  With this card, you simply get what you want. Great low rate for everyday
purchases or transferring a high rate balance. Apply for the Citi
Simplicity Card credit card by filling out an online application. Citi
Simplicity SM Card Free, helpful tools like automatic payments and email
alerts Get a great low rate for everyday purchases or transferring a high
rate balance  Citi Identity Theft Solutions included No Late Fees Intro APR Intro APR
Period Regular APR Annual Fee Balance Transfers Credit Needed 0% 12 Months
10.49% None Yes Good Credit No Late Fees Citi knows that life can sometimes
prevent you from making payments on time. That's why there are no late fees
as long as you use your credit card once each billing period for a purchase
or cash advance. That's right, no late fees.  0% APR 0% APR on Balance Transfers for 12 Months and No Annual Fee. Save
with an introductory rate of 0% on balance transfers for 12 months from
the time your account is opened, no annual fee and no balance transfer fee
with this offer. • The 0% APR does not apply to Purchases or cash advances.
• The 0% APR may increase if you default under any Card Agreement with Citi
or fail to make payments to another creditor. • Your payments will be
applied to low APR balances before higher ones. Press 0 It's all part of
creating a card that treats you right. Like if you want to speak to a live
person when you call Citi, just Press 0 anytime. Protect Your Credit Please
understand that your APR may increase if your payment is late and that late
payments may negatively affect your credit history and account terms. With
that in mind, Citi offers free, helpful tools like automatic payments and
email alerts to help you Protect Your Credit.  Citi Identity Theft Solutions The card also comes with Citi Identity Theft
Solutions. Citi monitors your card for fraudulent use. And, if you're ever
the victim of identity theft, they'll help you work with the credit bureaus
and authorities to get your life back in order – a free service to all Citi
Cardmembers. See the online Citi Simplicity Card credit card application
for details about terms and conditions of offer. Reasonable efforts are
made to maintain accurate information. However all credit card information
is presented without warranty. When you click on the Apply Here button you
can review the credit card terms and conditions on the credit card
issuer's web site. Still undecided or looking for a second credit card to
apply for? CLICK HERE TO SEARCH, COMPARE, & APPLY FOR CREDIT CARDS ONLINE  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Citi Simplicity Card Application - Apply Online Citi Simplicity Card at
CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an online application. Apply today
with an online secure Citi Simplicity Card application. Citi Simplicity
Card Application - Apply Online Citi Simplicity Card at CreditCards.com
featuring low apr and an online application. Apply today with an online
secure Citi Simplicity Card application. Citi Simplicity Card Application
- Apply Online Citi Simplicity Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr
and an online application. Apply today with an online secure Citi
Simplicity Card application. Citi Simplicity Card Application - Apply
Online Citi Simplicity Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an
online application. Apply today with an online secure Citi Simplicity Card
application. Citi Simplicity Card Application - Apply Online Citi
Simplicity Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an online
application. Apply today with an online secure Citi Simplicity Card
application.  Citi Simplicity Card, credit card, apply, online, rate,
credit card application, apr 