    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Citi Upromise Credit Card  The following Citi Upromise Credit Card features a low 0% introductory APR
on purchases and balance transfers. Apply for the Citi Upromise credit
card by filling out an online application. Citi Upromise Card Get 1% in
college savings from Citi everywhere you shop Plus a 10% on grocery and
drug store purchases And 2% when you purchase gas at participating gas
stations  Save even more for college with other Upromise companies Save with 0% APR
on Balance Transfers for 12 months No annual fee Intro APR Intro APR
Period Regular APR Annual Fee Balance Transfers Credit Needed 0% on
Balance Transfers 12 Months 13.49% None Yes Excellent Credit Citi Upromise
Reward Program Information You will earn 10% college savings on purchases
of Upromise participating grocery and drug store items made with your Citi
Upromise Card at Upromise participating grocery and drug stores; to receive
such savings you must present a grocery or drug store loyalty card
registered with Upromise when you make such purchase if the participating
store offers a loyalty card. In order to get the 10% college savings at
grocery or drug stores that do not offer a loyalty card, you must activate
your registered Citi Upromise Card in the Grocery Card section of your
Account Profile on the Upromise website. The college savings that you can
earn for such grocery and drug store purchases are not limited in amount.  You will earn 2% college savings on gasoline excluding diesel fuel
purchases made with your Citi Upromise Card at the Upromise participating
company's gas stations; the college savings that you can earn from such
gasoline purchases are not limited in amount. For a list of participating
grocery store and drugstore items and participating grocery stores, drug
stores and gas stations visit upromise.com. Participating products and
participating stores are determined soley by Upromise and are subject to
change at any time without prior notice. In addition to the grocery store,
drug store and gasoline college savings above, you will earn 1% college
savings on purchases made with your Citi Upromise Card; however, the
amount of college savings that you can earn from the 1% college savings is
limited to 1% of $30,000 in purchases posted to your January through
December billing statements, which is equal to $300 per credit card
account per calendar year. You can only earn college contributions from
Citi if you become a Upromise member and wait until your card's enrollment
in the Citi Upromise reward program is complete. You will receive
information with your card telling you how to become a Upromise member, if
you are not one yet. Processing of your card's enrollment in the Upromise
program may take up to ten business days, although in some cases this may
take longer. Upromise registration and enrollment can only be done online,
therefore you must have access to the Internet and an email address. Until
Citi and Upromise have completed processing your enrollment, any purchases
you make on your Citi Upromise card will not earn college contributions.  College Savings contributions are available on purchases excluding card
membership fees, balance transfers, cash advances, returns, credits,
convenience checks, finance charges, and any substantially similar charges
and fees. If purchase credits exceed purchases posted to your statement, no
contributions will be credited to your Upromise account and the amount of
excess purchase credits will be subtracted from purchases posted to your
next Citibank monthly statement. To earn college savings from Citi your
Citi Upromise Card account must be open and not in default under your Card
Agreement. Following transfer of contributions to your Upromise account,
Citi shall not be responsible or liable in connection with administration
of Upromise service benefits, which shall be the responsibility of
Upromise, Inc. Should you cancel your Upromise membership for any reason,
Citi will no longer make contributions to Upromise on your behalf even
though you may continue using your Citi Upromise Card. The Upromise
Program is offered at the sole discretion of Upromise Inc. From time to
time, Upromise may change these program rules, restrictions or benefits
including terminating the Program at any time without prior notice to you.
 See the online Citi Upromise credit card application for details about
terms and conditions of offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain
accurate information. However all credit card information is presented
without warranty. When you click on the Apply Here button you can review
the credit card terms and conditions on the credit card issuer's web site.
Still undecided or looking for a second credit card to apply for? CLICK
HERE TO SEARCH, COMPARE, & APPLY FOR CREDIT CARDS ONLINE  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Citi Upromise Card Application - Apply Online Citi Upromise Card at
CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an online application. Apply today
with an online secure Citi Upromise credit card application. Citi Upromise
Card Application - Apply Online Citi Upromise Card at CreditCards.com
featuring low apr and an online application. Apply today with an online
secure Citi Upromise credit card application. Citi Upromise Card
Application - Apply Online Citi Upromise Card at CreditCards.com featuring
low apr and an online application. Apply today with an online secure Citi
Upromise credit card application. Citi Upromise Card Application - Apply
Online Citi Upromise Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an
online application. Apply today with an online secure Citi Upromise credit
card application. Citi Upromise Card Application - Apply Online Citi
Upromise Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an online
application. Apply today with an online secure Citi Upromise credit card
application.  Citi Upromise Card, credit card, apply, online, rate, credit
card application, apr 