    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards Articles How to Dispute Credit Report
Errors How to Dispute Credit Report Errors  Credit Report Basics Your credit report contains information about where
you work and live and how you pay your bills. It also may show whether
you've been sued or arrested or have filed for bankruptcy. Companies
called consumer reporting agencies CRAs or credit bureaus compile and sell
your credit report to businesses. Because businesses use this information
to evaluate your applications for credit, insurance, employment, and other
purposes allowed by the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA , it's important
that the information in your report is complete and accurate. Some
financial advisors suggest that you periodically review your credit report
for inaccuracies or omissions. This could be especially important if you're
considering making a major purchase, such as buying a home. Checking in
advance on the accuracy of information in your credit file could speed the
credit-granting process.  Getting Your Credit Report If you've been denied credit, insurance, or
employment because of information supplied by a CRA, the FCRA says the
company you applied to must give you the CRA's name, address, and
telephone number. If you contact the agency for a copy of your report
within 60 days of receiving a denial notice, the report is free. In
addition, you're entitled to one free copy of your report a year if you
certify in writing that 1 you're unemployed and plan to look for a job
within 60 days, 2 you're on welfare, or 3 your report is inaccurate
because of fraud. Otherwise, a CRA may charge you up to $ 9.00 for a copy
of your report. If you simply want a copy of your report, call the CRAs
listed in the Yellow Pages under credit or credit rating and reporting.
Call each credit bureau listed since more than one agency may have a file
on you, some with different information. The three major national credit
bureaus are:  Equifax , P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241; 800 685-1111. Experian ,
P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013; 888 EXPERIAN 397-3742 . Trans Union , P.O.
Box 1000, Chester, PA 19022; 800 916-8800. Correcting Credit Report Errors
Under the FCRA, both the CRA and the organization that provided the
information to the CRA, such as a bank or credit card company, have
responsibilities for correcting inaccurate or incomplete information in
your report. To protect all your rights under the law, contact both the
CRA and the information provider. First, tell the CRA in writing what
information you believe is inaccurate. Include copies NOT originals of
documents that support your position. In addition to providing your
complete name and address, your letter should clearly identify each item
in your report you dispute, state the facts and explain why you dispute
the information, and request deletion or correction. You may want to
enclose a copy of your report with the items in question circled. Your
letter may look something like the sample below. Send your letter by
certified mail, return receipt requested, so you can document what the CRA
received. Keep copies of your dispute letter and enclosures.  CRAs must reinvestigate the items in question--usually within 30
days--unless they consider your dispute frivolous. They also must forward
all relevant data you provide about the dispute to the information
provider. After the information provider receives notice of a dispute from
the CRA, it must investigate, review all relevant information provided by
the CRA, and report the results to the CRA. If the information provider
finds the disputed information to be inaccurate, it must notify all
nationwide CRAs so they can correct this information in your file. l
Disputed information that cannot be verified must be deleted from your
file. If your report contains erroneous information, the CRA must correct
it. If an item is incomplete, the CRA must complete it. For example, if
your file showed that you were late making payments, but failed to show
that you were no longer delinquent, the CRA must show that you're current.
If your file shows an account that belongs only to another person, the CRA
must delete it.  When the reinvestigation is complete, the CRA must give you the written
results and a free copy of your report if the dispute results in a change.
If an item is changed or removed, the CRA cannot put the disputed
information back in your file unless the information provider verifies its
accuracy and completeness, and the CRA gives you a written notice that
includes the name, address, and phone number of the provider. Also, if you
request, the CRA must send notices of corrections to anyone who received
your report in the past six months. Job applicants can have a corrected
copy of their report sent to anyone who received a copy during the past
two years for employment purposes. If a reinvestigation does not resolve
your dispute, ask the CRA to include your statement of the dispute in your
file and in future reports. Second, in addition to writing to the CRA, tell
the creditor or other information provider in writing that you dispute an
item. Again, include copies NOT originals of documents that support your
position. Many providers specify an address for disputes. If the provider
then reports the item to any CRA, it must include a notice of your
dispute. In addition, if you are correct-that is, if the disputed
information is not accurate-the information provider may not use it again.
Accurate Negative Information When negative information in your report is
accurate, only the passage of time can assure its removal. Accurate
negative information can generally stay on your report for 7 years. There
are certain exceptions:  Information about criminal convictions may be reported without any time
limitation. Bankruptcy information may be reported for 10 years. Credit
information reported in response to an application for a job with a salary
of more than $75,000 has no time limit. Credit information reported because
of an application for more than $150,000 worth of credit or life insurance
has no time limit. Information about a lawsuit or an unpaid judgment
against you can be reported for seven years or until the statute of
limitations runs out, whichever is longer. Criminal convictions can be
reported without any time limit. Adding Accounts to Your File Your credit
file may not reflect all your credit accounts. Although most national
department store and all-purpose bank credit card accounts will be
included in your file, not all creditors supply information to CRAs: Some
travel, entertainment, gasoline card companies, local retailers, and
credit unions are among those creditors that don't. If you've been told
you were denied credit because of an insufficient credit file or no credit
file and you have accounts with creditors that don't appear in your credit
file, ask the CRA to add this information to future reports. Although they
are not required to do so, many CRAs will add verifiable accounts for a
fee. You should, however, understand that if these creditors do not report
to the CRA on a regular basis, these added items will not be updated in
your file.  Sample Credit Dispute Letter Following is a sample letter that could be
used to dispute a an inaccurate credit report. Date Your Name Your Address
Your City, State, Zip Code Complaint Department Name of Credit Reporting
Agency Address City, State, Zip Code Dear Sir or Madam: I am writing to
dispute the following information in my file. The items I dispute are also
encircled on the attached copy of the report I received. Identify item s
disputed by name of source, such as creditors or tax court, and identify
type of item, such as credit account, judgment, etc. This item is
inaccurate or incomplete because describe what is inaccurate or incomplete
and why . I am requesting that the item be deleted or request another
specific change to correct the information. Enclosed are copies of use
this sentence if applicable and describe any enclosed documentation, such
as payment records, court documents supporting my position. Please
reinvestigate this these matter s and delete or correct the disputed item
s as soon as possible.  Sincerely, Your name Enclosures: List what you are enclosing For additional
articles and tips about credit and credit card related issues, please visit
our articles section. Security Note: All Applications linked to on this
site feature Secure SSL Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  How to Dispute Credit Report Errors Methods for how to dispute credit
report errors including dealing with the three main credit bureaus,
Equifax, Experian and Trans Union; how a credit card bank reports credit
card payment behavior and error resolution recommendations How to Dispute
Credit Report Errors Methods for how to dispute credit report errors
including dealing with the three main credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian
and Trans Union; how a credit card bank reports credit card payment
behavior and error resolution recommendations How to Dispute Credit Report
Errors Methods for how to dispute credit report errors including dealing
with the three main credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian and Trans Union; how
a credit card bank reports credit card payment behavior and error
resolution recommendations How to Dispute Credit Report Errors Methods for
how to dispute credit report errors including dealing with the three main
credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian and Trans Union; how a credit card bank
reports credit card payment behavior and error resolution recommendations
How to Dispute Credit Report Errors Methods for how to dispute credit
report errors including dealing with the three main credit bureaus,
Equifax, Experian and Trans Union; how a credit card bank reports credit
card payment behavior and error resolution recommendations  credit card,
credit cards, credit report, credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian, Trans
Union, bank credit card 