    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter GM Credit Card  The following GM Credit Card features a low 0% introductory APR on
purchases and balance transfers. With 5% Earnings from every credit card
purchase, it's no wonder millions of people use their GM Card for everyday
spending . Apply for the GM credit card by filling out an online
application. GM Card GM Card gives you 5% Earnings on your GM Card
purchases toward the purchase or lease of a new GM car, truck or SUV  Secure, free online account management Customer Care is available 24/7 to
assist you with any question You can always order additional cards at no
extra cost-let your family help you earn toward a new GM vehicle Intro APR
Intro APR Period Regular APR Annual Fee Balance Transfers Credit Needed 0%
12 Months 12.49% None Yes Good Credit HIGHLIGHTS How you Earn With the GM
Card You earn 5% on GM credit card purchases which is redeemable on the
purchase or lease price of a new GM car, truck or SUV excluding Saturn,
Saab and HUMMER H1 . There are no limits to the amount of Earnings you may
acquire within an Account Year. Unless used or terminated under GM Card
Earnings and Redemption Allowance Program Rules, Earnings are valid for
seven years from the end of the billing cycle in which they were earned.
In the eighth year, GM Card Earnings accumulated from the first year will
expire and GM Card Earnings accumulated in the eighth year will be added
in their place, and so on. Expiration after seven years will occur
month-by-month, so seven full years of Earnings are maintained. These
Earnings are in addition to most other discounts General Motors may offer,
excluding The GM Supplier purchase programs, GMO, GMS and PEP, The GM
Dealership Employee Purchase Program and The GM Supplier Purchase Program.
Upon being approved for GM Card, you will earn 5% on your first two Balance
Transfer Checks included in your Welcome Package if posted within 60 days
of opening your Account. The 5% does not apply to cash advances or use of
other Balance Transfer Checks and Convenience Checks unless otherwise
expressly disclosed. Use of GM Card and GM Platinum card is subject to GM
Card Earnings and Redemption Allowance Program Rules which will be
supplied to all new Cardmembers following receipt of their GM Card. GM
reserves the right to change or terminate the program rules, regulations
and rewards.  See the online GM credit card application for details about terms and
conditions of offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate
information. However all credit card information is presented without
warranty. When you click on the Apply Here button you can review the
credit card terms and conditions on the credit card issuer's web site.
Still undecided or looking for a second credit card to apply for? CLICK
HERE TO SEARCH, COMPARE, & APPLY FOR CREDIT CARDS ONLINE  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  GM Credit Card Application - Apply Online GM Card at CreditCards.com
featuring low apr and an online application. Apply today with an online
secure the GM Card application. GM Credit Card Application - Apply Online
GM Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an online application.
Apply today with an online secure the GM Card application. GM Credit Card
Application - Apply Online GM Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr
and an online application. Apply today with an online secure the GM Card
application. GM Credit Card Application - Apply Online GM Card at
CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an online application. Apply today
with an online secure the GM Card application. GM Credit Card Application
- Apply Online GM Card at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an online
application. Apply today with an online secure the GM Card application. 
GM Card, credit card, apply, online, rate, credit card application, apr 