  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Balance Transfers 101 Balance Transfers 101 The
concept of a balance transfer seems simple enough, but there are a number
of steps involved that are critical to successfully moving money owed from
a high interest credit card to one that offers 0% APR, or at least a lower
interest rate. First and foremost, consider your current credit situation.
Is your credit history solid, with a consistent pattern of on-time payments
and a reasonable number of open credit lines? If so, you may very well
qualify for a lower interest credit card onto which you can move some or
all of your outstanding balances. And, this can end up saving you
thousands of dollars a year in interest charges. With consistent
discipline a large credit card balance can then be paid down to zero if
you take advantage of the 0% APR and apply all that money that would have
been paid on interest to the principal.  A second important thing to consider is the amount you wish to transfer. If
you have $20,000 in outstanding balances on several high interest rate
credit cards, it is highly unlikely that you will be able to move all of
this onto a single low rate balance transfer card. If only a portion, say
$5,000 is allowed to be transferred, this is better than nothing and can
be a productive step in the direction of lowering your overall interest
costs. Many borrowers take an all or nothing approach, but this can be
self- defeating behavior. Just like weight gain, personal debt doesn t
happen overnight and, conversely, doesn t go away overnight either. It s
important to make a decision to change and then start moving consistently
in the direction of change.  Another thing to consider when transferring balances is determining the fee
that may be charged by the issuer to complete the process. Balance transfer
fees are almost a given, unless it is stated up front that no fees apply.
The standard balance transfer fee is 3% of the mount transferred. While
this may not sound like too much initially, if you re transferring a large
balance, it can be significant. Many banks cap the transfer fee at $50 or
$75 in order to avoid discouraging those who wish to transfer large
balances. The option to transfer balances from a high rate credit card to
one offering 0% APR for 12 months or longer can be a smart financial move.
But, like many things involving finance, discipline is required to dig
yourself out of debt. It s a great opportunity that can be leveraged to
pay off principal, or it can lull a person into thinking they have the
freedom to add more debt, since their required payments have been
suspended for a time. If at all possible, put yourself in the first
category so you can start to see the light at the end of the tunnel and be
debt free before the 0% interest period ends.  Want to know more about balance transfer credit cards? Below are articles
and resources that should be of interest to you: Eliminate Credit Card
Debt &ndash; Five steps to becoming debt free using 0% interest credit
cards. 0% Balance Transfer Credit Card &ndash; Compare leading offers for
0% balance transfer credit cards side by side.  Credit Card Debt Consolidation - Retire Those High Interest Rate Plastics -
Tips on saving money by transferring high interest rate balances to a 0%
interest credit card.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Balance Transfers 101 Balance transfers 101 - learn the steps involved that
are critical to successfully performing a balance transfer of money owed
from a high interest credit card to one that offers 0% APR, or at least a
lower interest rate. Balance Transfers 101 Balance transfers 101 - learn
the steps involved that are critical to successfully performing a balance
transfer of money owed from a high interest credit card to one that offers
0% APR, or at least a lower interest rate. Balance Transfers 101 Balance
transfers 101 - learn the steps involved that are critical to successfully
performing a balance transfer of money owed from a high interest credit
card to one that offers 0% APR, or at least a lower interest rate. Balance
Transfers 101 Balance transfers 101 - learn the steps involved that are
critical to successfully performing a balance transfer of money owed from
a high interest credit card to one that offers 0% APR, or at least a lower
interest rate. Balance Transfers 101 Balance transfers 101 - learn the
steps involved that are critical to successfully performing a balance
transfer of money owed from a high interest credit card to one that offers
0% APR, or at least a lower interest rate.  balance transfers, credit card,
0% APR 