  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Credit Cards and Charitable Giving Credit Cards and
Charitable Giving In recent year's, credit cards have taken on yet another
useful function, that of funding your favorite charities. While most people
think about using credit cards for online shopping, buying groceries or
filling up their cars with gasoline, the thought of giving with a credit
card is somewhat new.  This topic came to the forefront recently with the massive destruction of
hurricane Katrina and the related outpouring of charitable giving major
charities like the Red Cross and Salvation Army. In television, direct
mail and online advertising, the word was quickly spread that not only
could donors make a difference in relieving the suffering. And, with their
donations to these national charities, donors could make this impact
immediately by using a credit card. Charitable giving with a credit card
is not only limited to disaster situations, either. Large charities like
the United Way have been able to dramatically expand their humanitarian
reach by enabling supporters to make pledges through one-time or recurring
monthly payments charged directly to a Visa , MasterCard , Discover or
American Express credit card.  Other non-profit organizations, apart from true charities, can benefit from
credit card payments. Beyond the basic immediate payment benefit are the
positives of capturing donor information for future giving and tax
deduction purposes. A good example is local public radio and television
stations that offer supporters a way to break up larger annual gifts into
manageable monthly increments using an automatically recurring credit card
payment. And, depending on the type of card used to make charitable
donations, airline miles , cash back and other credit card-related rewards
can potentially be earned on any amount pledged. This is because the charge
made to the card is considered a standard merchant purchase transaction by
the credit card issuer when calculating eligible purchases. So, when the
time comes to open up your heart and wallet for charitable giving,
remember to consider making that gift with a credit card, especially if
you have a credit card that offers some type of rewards. Who knows, maybe
if you have been religiously using a rewards credit card throughout the
year, the cash back earned could itself be enough for a generous donation
to a deserving cause.  For more information on credit cards or related topics please see our
library of articles . CLICK HERE TO SEARCH, COMPARE & APPLY FOR CREDIT
CARDS ONLINE  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Cards and Charitable Giving Article providing an overview of credit
cards and charitable giving options for consumers to organizations like
the Red Cross and Salvation army, also ways to save and give with a
rewards credit card.  Credit Cards and Charitable Giving Article providing
an overview of credit cards and charitable giving options for consumers to
organizations like the Red Cross and Salvation army, also ways to save and
give with a rewards credit card.  Credit Cards and Charitable Giving
Article providing an overview of credit cards and charitable giving
options for consumers to organizations like the Red Cross and Salvation
army, also ways to save and give with a rewards credit card.  Credit Cards
and Charitable Giving Article providing an overview of credit cards and
charitable giving options for consumers to organizations like the Red
Cross and Salvation army, also ways to save and give with a rewards credit
card.  Credit Cards and Charitable Giving Article providing an overview of
credit cards and charitable giving options for consumers to organizations
like the Red Cross and Salvation army, also ways to save and give with a
rewards credit card.   credit cards, charitable giving, red cross,
salvation army, rewards credit card 