  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles What To Do When Credit Cards Are Lost or Stolen What
To Do When Credit Cards Are Lost or Stolen Credit cards, ATM cards, and
debit cards provide a high level of convenience for people, but if they
are lost or stolen, the effects can be drastic. If you experience a loss
or theft of credit cards, ATM cards, or debit cards, immediately report
them to the companies who issued the cards. In addition, follow up your
calls with letters detailing all critical card information including your
account number, the date the card was missing, and the date the loss was
reported.  Fortunately, a cardholder s maximum liability for unauthorized use of a
credit card is $50. If you report the loss before your credit cards are
used, you have no responsibility for any unauthorized charges. Liability
for unauthorized use of ATM or debit cards depends on how quickly the
cardholder reports the loss. Losses can be heavy for ATM or debit
cardholders if they are not reported in a timely manner. Individuals who
have reported credit cards lost or stolen should carefully review billing
statements and report unauthorized charges to the card issuer along with
all pertinent card information. Unauthorized transactions for ATM or debit
cards will appear on bank statements, and should be reported to the bank
that issued the card. Prevent credit card fraud by always keeping the
cards in a safe place, using an obscure Personal Identification Number PIN
for ATM and debit cards, and memorizing your PIN. Never use your birth
date, phone number, or social security number or any other easily
determined number or word as your PIN.  The best way to keep your credit cards, ATM cards, and debit cards safe.
There are a few steps that you can take to prevent unauthorized use of the
cards: Only disclose your credit card or ATM card account number over the
telephone if it is to a reputable company. Never put your card account
number on the outside of an envelope or on a postcard. Draw a line through
blank spaces on charge or debit slips above the total so the amount cannot
be changed. Destroy card carbons and save receipts to check against
monthly statements. Cut up old cards - cutting through the account number
- before disposing of them. Open monthly statements promptly and compare
them with receipts. Keep records of your cards account numbers, expiration
dates, and the telephone numbers of each card issuer in a safe place. Carry
only the cards you expect to use. Never carry your ATM or debit card PIN in
your wallet or purse.  Do not write your PIN on the card or anyplace where it might be seen. Check
account activity frequently especially if you bank online. A number of
federal agencies enforce the laws that govern credit card and ATM or debit
card transactions. Questions concerning a particular card issuer should be
directed to the enforcement agency responsible for that issuer. For other
credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library of
articles Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts  Protecting Your Credit Card Limiting Your Financial Loss  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  What To Do When Credit Cards Are Lost or Stolen Article describing what to
do when credit cards, ATM cards and debit cards are lost or stolen with
advice on who to notify and when in order to limit financial liability for
theft of credit cards What To Do When Credit Cards Are Lost or Stolen
Article describing what to do when credit cards, ATM cards and debit cards
are lost or stolen with advice on who to notify and when in order to limit
financial liability for theft of credit cards What To Do When Credit Cards
Are Lost or Stolen Article describing what to do when credit cards, ATM
cards and debit cards are lost or stolen with advice on who to notify and
when in order to limit financial liability for theft of credit cards What
To Do When Credit Cards Are Lost or Stolen Article describing what to do
when credit cards, ATM cards and debit cards are lost or stolen with
advice on who to notify and when in order to limit financial liability for
theft of credit cards What To Do When Credit Cards Are Lost or Stolen
Article describing what to do when credit cards, ATM cards and debit cards
are lost or stolen with advice on who to notify and when in order to limit
financial liability for theft of credit cards  credit cards, lost credit
card, stolen credit card, theft of credit cards 