Glossary of Common Credit Card Terms    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Glossary of Common Credit Card Terms Glossary of
Common Credit Card Terms There are quite a few terms you may not be
familiar with when it comes to credit cards and credit card applications.
We have put together a glossary to help you better understand commonly
used words, phrases, and acronyms in the credit card industry. Account
Number - A unique number assigned by a financial institution to a
customer. On a credit card, this number is embossed and encoded on the
plastic card. Additional Cardholder - When you have a credit card, it is
often possible to add an additional card to the account for use by someone
else. The main cardholder holds responsibility for ensuring payments on the
additional card are made. Purchases are shown on the credit card statement,
which is sent monthly.  American Express - Also known as AMEX, this company is one of the main
international credit card issuing schemes. It issues its own credit
cards&mdash;unlike Visa and MasterCard&mdash;and is responsible for its
own relationships with retailers. Annual Fee - An annual yearly fee
associated with having a credit card. This is a separate fee from interest
rate on purchases. Annual Percentage Rate APR - The yearly percentage rate
charged when a balance is held on a credit card. This rate is applied each
month that an outstanding balance is present. Approval Response - An
authorization response that is received when a transaction is approved.
ATM - Automated Teller Machines or cash points allow you to access cash
with a credit card or other card associated with your bank account. You
need to enter your personal identification number PIN into the machine to
access cash.  Authentication - The process of assuring that data has come from its
claimed source, or a process of corroborating the claimed identity of a
communicating party. Authorization - Every retailer has a purchase limit
above which they must seek authorization from the card issuer before they
can complete the sale. Such authorization can be done by telephone or
electronically at the cash till. Authorization is used to control credit
card fraud. The cardholder s available credit limit is reduced by the
authorized amount. Authorization Amount - Currency amount approved.
Authorization Code - A code that an issuer or its authorizing processor
provides to indicate approval or denial for an authorization request.
Authorization Date - Date and time when the transaction was authorized.
Authorization Only - A transaction that is created to reserve an amount
against a credit card s available limit for intended purchases; the actual
settlement may occur within three to five days, depending on the card type.
 Authorized Amount - Currency amount approved. Authorized Transaction -
Transaction that has been approved. Balance Transfer - When the
outstanding balance of one credit card or several credit cards is moved to
another credit card account. Balance Transfer Fee - A fee charged by a
credit card company to transfer a balance from one account to another.
This fee can be anywhere from 1%-5% of the balance amount. However, many
credit card companies do not charge this fee. Contact the credit card
issuer for their specific fees. Bad Credit - A term used to describe a
poor credit rating. Common practices that can damage a credit rating
include making late payments, skipping payments, exceeding card limits or
declaring bankruptcy. &ldquo;Bad Credit&rdquo; can result in being denied
future credit. Bank Account - Bank account number for the merchant to
which funds will be deposited.  Bank Identification Number BIN - The first six digits of a Visa or
MasterCard account number. This number is used to identify the
card-issuing institution. Bankcard - A payment card issued by a bank.
Billing Cycle - The time between billing statements, usually 28-31 days.
Business Card Business Credit Card - Usually issued to corporate
executives or business owners in order to more easily keep business
expenses separate from personal charges. Card Issuer - Any association
member financial institution, bank, credit union, or company that issues,
or causes to be issued, plastic cards to cardholders. Card Reader - A
device that is capable of reading the encoding on plastic cards.
Cardholder - An individual to whom a card is issued, or who is authorized
to use an issued card. Cash Advance - A cash loan from a credit card using
an ATM or bank withdrawal.  Cash Back - Cash back returns to you a percentage of the total amount spent
on your credit card over a specific period of time, usually monthly or
quarterly. This feature is particularly useful if you normally pay your
credit card bills in full each month, as it means you get an effective
discount on the products bought with your credit card. Chargeback - A
transaction returned through interchange by an issuer to an acquirer. A
transaction may be returned because of it was non-compliant with the
association rules and regulations or because it was disputed by a
cardholder. Chargeback Period - The number of days from the transaction s
processing date or endorsement date, during which the issuer may initiate
a chargeback. Co-Branded Card - A co-branded credit card is sponsored by
both the issuing bank and a retail organization, such as a department
store or an airline. Cardholders may get benefits, such as discounts or
free merchandise, from the sponsoring merchant, based on account usage and
terms.  Commercial Cards - A general name for cards typically issued for business
use and which may include Corporate Cards, Purchase Cards, Business Cards,
Travel and Entertainment Cards. Credit Card Number - Unique number assigned
to a credit card. Credit Limit - How much total money can be charged to a
credit card account, for example $5,000. Credit History - A partial
profile of your financial life, given within a particular timeframe
usually measured in years . Your credit history shows the extent to which
you pay your bills on time and how much you may owe particular parties.
Credit card issuers use this information to decide whether to provide
customers with credit cards. Debit - A charge to a customer s bankcard
account. A transaction, such as a check, automated teller machine ATM
withdrawal or point-of-sale POS debit purchase that debits a demand
deposit account. Expired Card - A card on which the embossed, encoded or
printed expiration date has passed.  Finance Charge - Fees and other costs billed to you on your statement for
using the credit cards i.e., balance transfer fees, cash advance fees,
late fees, overlimit fees, etc. . Fixed Rate or Fixed APR - An annual
percentage rate that does not change throughout the year, unlike an
introductory APR that changes after a specific period of time. Floor Limit
- An amount that Visa and MasterCard have established for single
transactions at specific types of merchant outlets and branches, above
which authorization is required. Fraudulent Transaction - A transaction
unauthorized by the cardholder of a bankcard. Such transactions are
categorized as lost, stolen, not received, issued on a fraudulent
application, counterfeit, fraudulent processing of transactions, account
takeover or other fraudulent conditions as defined by the card company or
the member company. Fraudulent User - An individual who is not the
cardholder or designee and who uses a card or, in a mail/phone order or
recurring transaction, an account number to obtain goods or services
without the cardholder s consent.  Grace Period - A period of time during which you are allowed to pay your
credit card bill without being charged a finance and/or late fee. This
period is usually 10-28 days. Introductory Rate or Intro APR - A
temporary, lower annual percentage rate, after which the APR is raised.
Issuer - Any association member financial institution, bank, credit union
or company that issues, or causes to be issued, plastic cards to
cardholders. Magnetic Stripe - A stripe of magnetic information that is
affixed to the back of a plastic credit or debit card. This stripe
contains customer and account information that is required to complete
electronic financial transactions. The physical and magnetic
characteristics of this stripe are specified in the International
Organization for Standardization standards 7810, 7811 and 7813. Mail/Phone
Order Merchant - A merchant that transacts business by mail or phone.  Mail/Phone Order Transaction - A transaction where a cardholder orders
goods or services from a merchant by telephone, mail or other means of
telecommunication, and where neither the card nor the cardholder is
present at the merchant outlet. MasterCard - MasterCard International Inc.
and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates. MasterCard Acquirer - A member
that signs a MasterCard merchant agreement or disburses currency to a
MasterCard cardholder in a cash disbursement, and directly or indirectly
enters the resulting transaction receipt into interchange. MasterCard Card
- A card that bears the MasterCard symbol, enabling a MasterCard cardholder
to obtain goods, services or cash from a MasterCard merchant or acquirer.
MasterCard Issuer - A member that issues MasterCard cards. Merchant - An
entity that contracts with merchant banks or ISO s to originate
transactions.  Merchant Agreement - A written agreement between a merchant and a bank that
contains their respective rights, duties and warranties, with respect to
acceptance of the bankcard and matters related to the bankcard activity.
Merchant Bank - Bank that has a merchant agreement with a merchant to
accept acquire deposits generated by bankcard transactions. Minimum
Payment - The lowest amount of money that you are required to pay on your
credit card statement each month. Online Financial Transaction - A
transaction that is authorized, cleared and settled in a single online
message. Overlimit - This refers to a cardholder account that has
surpassed its credit limit with a transaction i.e., the cardholder s
outstanding balance is beyond his/her credit limit . Overlimit Fee - A fee
charged when your balance goes over your credit limit. Password - A
sequence of characters that allows users access to a system. Although they
are supposed to be unique, experience has shown that most people s password
choices are highly insecure. Humans tend to choose short words, such as
names, which are easy to guess.  Per Transaction Fees - Fees paid by the merchant to the merchant bank or
other contracted party on a per-transaction basis. PIN Personal
Identification Number - A sequence of digits used to verify the identity
of the holder of a token. The PIN is a kind of password. Plastic Card -
This is a generic term that is used to identify any of the various cards
issued to cardholders. Point Of Sale POS - Location in a merchant
establishment at which the sale is consummated by payment for goods or
services received. Policy - An informal, generally natural language
description of desired system behavior. Policies may be defined for
particular requirements, such as confidentiality, integrity, availability,
safety, etc. Posting - The process of updating individual cardholder
account balances to reflect merchandise sales, instant cash, cash
advances, adjustments, payments and any other charges or credits.  Primary Account Number PAN - The number that is embossed and/or encoded on
a plastic card that identifies the issuer and the particular cardholder
account. Prime Rate or Prime Interest Rate - The interest rate at which
banks lend to their most creditworthy prime customers. The prime rate is
known to change but not on a regular basis. Processing Date - The date on
which the transaction is processed by the acquiring bank. Receipt - A hard
copy document that records when a transaction took place at the point of
sale. The receipt contains a description of the transaction, which usually
includes the date, the merchant name/location, the primary account number,
the amount and the reference number. Recurring Billing - Transactions for
which a cardholder grants permission to the merchant to periodically
charge his account number for recurring goods or services. Reference
Number - Number assigned to each monetary transaction in a descriptive
billing system. Each reference number is printed on the monthly statement
to aid in retrieval of the document, should it be questioned by the
cardholder.  Refund &ndash; The creation of a credit to a cardholder account, usually as
a result of a product return or to correct an error. Retail Merchant - A
merchant that provides goods and/or services in the retail industry, but
that is not a mail/phone merchant, a recurring services merchant or a T&E
merchant. Sales Draft - A paper record that evidences the purchase of
goods or services by a cardholder. Secured Credit Cards - Credit cards
that require collateral property, such as a house, car or deposit of money
for approval. Generally, secured credit cards are for people with no credit
or poor credit who are trying to build or rebuild their credit history.
Service Charge - A component of some finance charges, such as the fee for
triggering an overdraft checking account into use. Settlement - The
reporting of settlement amounts owed by one member to another, or to a
card issuing concern, as a result of clearing. Settlement is the actual
buying and selling of transactions between the merchants, processors and
acquirers; along with the card-issuing entities.  Settlement Bank - A bank, including a correspondent or intermediary bank,
that is both located in the country where a member s settlement currency
is the local currency, and is authorized to execute settlement of
interchange on behalf of the member or the member s bank. Smart Card - A
plastic card containing a computer chip with memory and CPU capabilities.
Such a card may be used for identification or to store information,
financial amounts or other forms of data. Also called an integrated
circuit card or a chip card. Standard Floor Limit - A floor limit that
varies by merchant type. This refers to a currency limit on transactions,
above which authorization requests are required. Statement - A written
record prepared by a financial institution, usually once a month, listing
all transactions for an account, including deposits, withdrawals, checks,
electronic transfers, fees and other charges, and interest credited or
earned. The statement is usually mailed to the customer.  Stored-value Card - A stored-value card is a credit-card-sized device that
is implanted with a computer chip with stored money value. A reloadable
stored-value card can be reused by transferring a dollar value to it from
an automated teller machine or other device. A disposable card cannot be
reloaded. Transaction - 1 Any agreement between two or more parties that
establishes a legal obligation. 2 The act of carrying out such an
obligation. 3 All activities affecting a deposit account that are
performed at the request of the account holder. 4 All events that cause
some change in the assets, liabilities or net worth of a business. 5 An
action between a cardholder and a merchant or a cardholder and a member
that results in activity on the cardholder account. Transaction Identifier
- A unique 15-character value that VISA assigns to each transaction and
returns to the acquirer in the authorization response. VISA uses this
value to maintain an audit trail throughout the lifecycle of the
transaction and all related transactions, such as reversals, adjustments,
confirmations and chargebacks.  Unsecured Credit Cards - Credit cards that are not secured by collateral.
Customers qualify for such cards based on their credit history, their
financial strength and their earnings potential. User Authentication -
Process of validating that a user is who s/he represents her/himself to
be. Validation Code - A unique 4-character value that VISA includes as
part of the CPS/ATM program in each authorization response. This code
ensures that key authorization fields are preserved in the clearing or
settlement record. Variable Interest Rate - With variable-rate cards, the
APR changes when interest rates or other economic indicators change. Also
known as a floating rate. Visa - Visa International Service Association
and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates. Visa Card - A card that bears
the Visa symbol and which enables a Visa cardholder to obtain goods,
services or cash from a Visa merchant or acquirer.  Visa Issuer - A member that issues Visa Cards. Visa Merchant - A merchant
that displays the Visa symbol and accepts all Visa cards. Voice
Authorization - An approval response that is obtained through interactive
communication between an issuer and an acquirer, their authorizing
processors or stand-in processing or through telephone, facsimile or telex
communications. Void Transaction - A deletion of the transaction
information. Void ed - Nullifies a transaction that has been recorded for
settlement, but has not yet been settled. This removes the transaction
from the batch of transactions to be settled. For other credit and credit
card related articles, please visit our library of articles . CLICK HERE
TO SEARCH, COMPARE & APPLY FOR CREDIT CARDS ONLINE    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Glossary of Common Credit Card Terms A glossary of common credit card terms
for credit cards like American Express Amex , MasterCard and Visa; types of
cards defined such as balance transfer, cash back, co-branded, debit,
stored-value, secured and unsecured credit cards; features defined such as
APR, fixed rate, fixed APR, introductory rate APR and variable interest
rate Glossary of Common Credit Card Terms A glossary of common credit card
terms for credit cards like American Express Amex , MasterCard and Visa;
types of cards defined such as balance transfer, cash back, co-branded,
debit, stored-value, secured and unsecured credit cards; features defined
such as APR, fixed rate, fixed APR, introductory rate APR and variable
interest rate Glossary of Common Credit Card Terms A glossary of common
credit card terms for credit cards like American Express Amex , MasterCard
and Visa; types of cards defined such as balance transfer, cash back,
co-branded, debit, stored-value, secured and unsecured credit cards;
features defined such as APR, fixed rate, fixed APR, introductory rate APR
and variable interest rate Glossary of Common Credit Card Terms A glossary
of common credit card terms for credit cards like American Express Amex ,
MasterCard and Visa; types of cards defined such as balance transfer, cash
back, co-branded, debit, stored-value, secured and unsecured credit cards;
features defined such as APR, fixed rate, fixed APR, introductory rate APR
and variable interest rate Glossary of Common Credit Card Terms A glossary
of common credit card terms for credit cards like American Express Amex ,
MasterCard and Visa; types of cards defined such as balance transfer, cash
back, co-branded, debit, stored-value, secured and unsecured credit cards;
features defined such as APR, fixed rate, fixed APR, introductory rate APR
and variable interest rate  credit card, Amex, American Express, balance
transfer, cash back, debit card, fixed rate, fixed APR, introductory APR,
intro APR, MasterCard, variable interest rate, Visa 