    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Tips for Credit Cards Tips for Credit Cards There are
many advantages to having a credit card such as being able to purchase
items online and make hotel and car reservations. The way you handle your
purchases should be taken seriously. Following are a few tips and
suggestions about credit cards.  Credit cards are just like a loan-you have to pay what you owe - so try and
not overcharge more than you can afford to pay. Keep track of how much you
spend on your credit card. Remember that incidental and impulse purchases
add up fast. Save your credit card receipts. Compare them with your
monthly bill. Promptly report problems to the company that issued the
card. Never lend your credit cards to anyone. Owing more than you can
repay can damage your credit rating. That can make it hard to finance a
car, rent an apartment, get insurance or even get a job. Pay your credit
card bill on time, and in full when possible. If you don't, you'll have to
pay finance charges on the unpaid balance-and it takes forever to get
caught up if you just pay the minimum.  Federal law limits your liability for unauthorized charges to $50 per card.
For additional articles and tips about credit and credit card related
issues, please visit our articles section. Security Note: All Applications
linked to on this site feature Secure SSL Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Tips for Credit Cards General tips for credit cards including treating a
credit card like a loan, keeping track of spending and repaying debts on
time; for credit tips and credit card related issues visit our articles
section Tips for Credit Cards General tips for credit cards including
treating a credit card like a loan, keeping track of spending and repaying
debts on time; for credit tips and credit card related issues visit our
articles section Tips for Credit Cards General tips for credit cards
including treating a credit card like a loan, keeping track of spending
and repaying debts on time; for credit tips and credit card related issues
visit our articles section Tips for Credit Cards General tips for credit
cards including treating a credit card like a loan, keeping track of
spending and repaying debts on time; for credit tips and credit card
related issues visit our articles section Tips for Credit Cards General
tips for credit cards including treating a credit card like a loan,
keeping track of spending and repaying debts on time; for credit tips and
credit card related issues visit our articles section  credit cards,
credit tips 