    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Credit and Consumer Rights Credit and Consumer Rights
Know Your Consumer Rights A good credit rating is very important.
Businesses inspect your credit history when they evaluate your
applications for credit, insurance, employment, and even leases. Based on
your credit payment history, businesses can choose to grant or deny you
credit provided you receive fair and equal treatment. Sometimes, things
happen that can cause credit problems: a temporary loss of income, an
illness, even a computer error. Solving credit problems may take time and
patience, but it doesn’t have to be an ordeal if you know your consumer
rights.  The Federal Trade Commission FTC enforces credit laws that protect your
right to obtain, use, and maintain credit. These laws do not guarantee
that everyone will receive credit. Instead, the credit laws protect your
rights by requiring businesses to give all consumers a fair and equal
opportunity to receive credit and to resolve disputes over credit errors.
This brochure explains your rights under these laws and offers practical
tips to help you solve credit problems. Your Credit Report Your credit
payment history is recorded in a file or report. These files or reports
are maintained and sold by consumer reporting agencies CRAs . One type of
CRA is commonly known as a credit bureau. You have a credit record on file
at a credit bureau if you have ever applied for a credit or charge account,
a personal loan, insurance, or a job. Your credit record contains
information about your income, debts, and credit payment history. It also
indicates whether you have been sued, arrested, or have filed for
bankruptcy.  The Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA is designed to help ensure that CRAs
furnish correct and complete information to businesses to use when
evaluating your application. Your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting
Act: You have the right to receive a copy of your credit report. The copy
of your report must contain all of the information in your file at the
time of your request. You have the right to know the name of anyone who
received your credit report in the last year for most purposes or in the
last two years for employment purposes. Any company that denies your
application must supply the name and address of the CRA they contacted,
provided the denial was based on information given by the CRA. You have
the right to a free copy of your credit report when your application is
denied because of information supplied by the CRA. Your request must be
made within 60 days of receiving your denial notice. If you contest the
completeness or accuracy of information in your report, you should file a
dispute with the CRA and with the company that furnished the information
to the CRA. Both the CRA and the furnisher of information are legally
obligated to reinvestigate your dispute.  You have a right to add a summary explanation to your credit report if your
dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction. Your Credit Application When
creditors evaluate a credit application, they cannot lawfully engage in
discriminatory practices. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act - ECOA
prohibits credit discrimination on the basis of sex, race, marital status,
religion, national origin, age, or receipt of public assistance. Creditors
may ask for this information except religion in certain situations, but
may not use it to discriminate when deciding whether to grant you credit.
The ECOA - protects consumers who deal with companies that regularly
extend credit, including banks, small loan and finance companies, retail
and department stores, credit card companies, and credit unions. Everyone
who participates in the decision to grant credit, including real estate
brokers who arrange financing, must follow this law. Businesses applying
for credit also are protected by this law.  Your rights under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act: You cannot be denied
credit based on your race, sex, marital status, religion, age, national
origin, or receipt of public assistance. You have the right to have
reliable public assistance considered in the same manner as other income.
If you are denied credit, you have a legal right to know why. Your Credit
Billing and Electronic Fund Transfer Statements It is important to check
credit billing and electronic fund transfer account statements regularly.
These documents may contain mistakes that could damage your credit status
or reflect improper charges or transfers. If you find an error or
discrepancy, notify the company and contest the error immediately. The
Fair Credit Billing Act FCBA and Electronic Fund Transfer Act EFTA
establish procedures for resolving mistakes on credit billing and
electronic fund transfer account statements, including:  charges or electronic fund transfers that you — or anyone you have
authorized to use your account — have not made; charges or electronic fund
transfers that are incorrectly identified or show the wrong amount or date;
computation or similar errors; failure to reflect payments, credits, or
electronic fund transfers properly; not mailing or delivering credit
billing statements to your current address, as long as that address was
received by the creditor in writing at least 20 days before the billing
period ended; charges or electronic fund transfers for which you request
an explanation or documentation, due to a possible error. The FCBA
generally applies only to open end credit accounts — credit cards,
revolving charge accounts such as department store accounts , and
overdraft checking accounts. It does not apply to loans or credit sales
that are paid according to a fixed schedule until the entire amount is
paid back, such as an automobile loan. The EFTA applies to electronic fund
transfers, such as those involving automatic teller machines ATMs ,
point-of-sale debit transactions, and other electronic banking
transactions.  Your Debts and Debt Collectors You are responsible for your debts. If you
fall behind in paying your creditors or an error is made on your account,
you may be contacted by a debt collector. A debt collector is any person,
other than the creditor, who regularly collects debts owed to others. This
includes lawyers who collect debts on a regular basis. You have the right
to be treated fairly by debt collectors. The Fair Debt Collection
Practices Act FDCPA applies to personal, family, and household debts. This
includes money owed for the purchase of a car, for medical care, or for
charge accounts. The FDCPA prohibits debt collectors from engaging in
unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices while collecting these debts. Your
rights under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act: Debt collectors may
contact you only between 8 a.m. and 9 p.m. Debt collectors may not contact
you at work if they know your employer disapproves.  Debt collectors may not harass, oppress, or abuse you. Debt collectors may
not lie when collecting debts, such as falsely implying that you have
committed a crime. Debt collectors must identify themselves to you on the
phone. Debt collectors must stop contacting you if you ask them to in
writing. Solving Your Credit Problems Your credit report influences your
purchasing power, as well as your chances to get a job, rent or buy an
apartment or a house, and buy insurance. A history of timely credit
payments helps you get additional credit. Accurate negative information
can stay on your report for seven years. A bankruptcy can stay on your
report for 10 years. If you are having problems paying your bills, contact
your creditors at once. Try to work out a modified payment plan with them
that reduces your payments to a more manageable level. Don't wait until
your account has been turned over to a debt collector. Here are some
additional tips for solving credit problems:  If you want to contest a credit report, bill or credit denial, contact the
appropriate company in writing and send it return receipt requested. When
you contest a billing error, include your name, account number, the dollar
amount in question, and the reason you believe the bill is wrong. If in
doubt, request written verification of a debt. Keep all your original
documents, especially receipts, sales slips, and billing statements. You
will need them if you dispute a credit bill or report. Send copies only.
It may take more than one letter to correct problems. Be skeptical of
businesses that offer instant solutions to credit problems. Be persistent.
Resolving credit problems can take time and effort. There is nothing that a
credit repair company can do for you — for a fee — that you cannot do for
yourself for little or no cost. If you can't resolve your credit problems
yourself or if you need help, you may want to contact a credit counseling
service. Nonprofit organizations in every state counsel consumers in debt.
Counselors try to arrange repayment plans that are acceptable to you and
your creditors. They also can help you set up a realistic budget. These
services usually are offered at little or no cost.  One of the reputable agencies that can help you is the Consumer Credit
Counseling Service CCCS , a non-profit organization that offers free or
low-cost financial counseling to families that need to solve financial
problems. CCCS can help you analyze your situation and works with you to
develop solutions. Currently, there are more than 1,200 CCCS offices in
the United States. Call 800-388-2227 for the phone number of the office
nearest you, or visit the CCCS website at www.cccsatl.org . National
Foundation for Consumer Credit NFCC , a not-for-profit organization with
1,450 offices in all fifty U.S. states, Puerto Rico, and Canada. An NFCC
member is identified by the member NFCC seal. At little or no cost to you,
CCCS counselors will work with your creditors to establish a repayment plan
that will satisfy both you and your creditors. CCCS can also help you set
up a realistic budget and plan for the future.  Universities, military bases, credit unions, and housing authorities also
may offer low- or no-cost credit counseling programs. Check the white
pages of your telephone directory for a service near you. For other credit
and credit card related articles, please visit our library of articles .
Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards
Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts
Protecting Your Credit Card Choosing the Right Credit Card for You    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit & Consumer Rights Detailed article on credit and consumer rights
including how consumer credit rating, credit history, applications for
credit and credit problems can affect their credit report and credit
rating Credit & Consumer Rights Detailed article on credit and consumer
rights including how consumer credit rating, credit history, applications
for credit and credit problems can affect their credit report and credit
rating Credit & Consumer Rights Detailed article on credit and consumer
rights including how consumer credit rating, credit history, applications
for credit and credit problems can affect their credit report and credit
rating Credit & Consumer Rights Detailed article on credit and consumer
rights including how consumer credit rating, credit history, applications
for credit and credit problems can affect their credit report and credit
rating Credit & Consumer Rights Detailed article on credit and consumer
rights including how consumer credit rating, credit history, applications
for credit and credit problems can affect their credit report and credit
rating  credit, consumer rights, credit rating, credit history,
applications for credit, credit payment history, credit problems, credit
report, credit cards 