  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Credit Repair: How to get back your credit Credit
Repair: How to get back your credit Is your credit in disarray? Are you
constantly looking at those ads on TV that promise to help you get back
your credit? If so, there are there are a lot of companies that can help
you repair and rebuild your credit, but there are many things you can do
yourself.  The first and foremost thing you must do is NOT run away from creditors.
Don t wait for them to call you or worse, don t take their calls or return
their messages. Contact them directly as soon as you realize that you are
not going to be able to make payments to discuss your options. Most
creditors are not as hard on you as you might think. They WANT you to pay
them back and will usually work out a repayment plan that realistically
fits your budget. Working with your creditor is the best way to prevent
the need for credit repair. Your credit score may drop slightly, but
nearly as bad that you would need drastic steps to repair your credit
ranking. As long as you show a willingness to pay back a creditor and keep
in contact with them, you may never get a blemish on your credit report. It
s when you try to ignore your creditors that they report you to the credit
bureaus.  However, it is human nature to avoid conflict. If you have avoided your
creditors and are being denied credit you need to take steps to start
rebuilding your credit. If you are unsure about how to proceed with your
credit repair, you can get some help from your local credit counseling
services. They can help you to work out a plan and a budget. There are
also many non-profit groups that offer help. In addition, you can check
with your employer, bank, credit union, or housing authority for no-cost
credit counseling programs. Before you begin your credit repair, you
should know your rights under the Far Credit Reporting Act. These rights
can help you to understand how to proceed. First of all, you are entitled
to a FREE copy of your credit history report if you ve ever been denied
credit, insurance, or employment. But you MUST ask for it within 60 days
of that denial. You can also get a free copy if you can prove you are:
Unemployed and plan to look for a job in 70 days  On welfare A victim of identity theft or fraud Obtaining a copy of your
credit report is the first step in credit repair. If you are denied
credit, insurance, or employment because of inaccurate or incomplete
credit information, then the company has to give you the name and address
of the reporting bureau either Equifax, Trans Union, or Experian . If
there is inaccurate or simply wrong information on your credit report,
then you can dispute it with the credit bureau to get it corrected. This
is free to do this, but you will need to prove why the information is
false. Getting this inaccurate information off your report will help your
credit repair. Here are some final facts that will help you to better
understand how credit works and what you can and can t change when you
engage in credit repair: A bankruptcy can stay on your credit report for
10 years Lawsuits or judgments against you can be reported for 7 years or
until the statute of limitations runs out whichever is longer .  There is no time limit on information reported because of an application
for a job with a $75,000 or more salary. There is no time limit on
information reported because of an application for more than $150,000
worth of life insurance Applying for a lot of credit at once e.g. multiple
credit cards with multiple credit card issuers will cause your credit score
to go down. Taking the steps to repair and rebuild your credit is the best
way to ensure you can enjoy the benefits and advantages of having a credit
card. Remember, your credit card is a privilege not a right. Be responsible
when using it. Before beginning a credit reduction or credit rebuilding
strategy, contact your account or financial advisor to discuss your
specific credit and financial situation. For additional articles and tips
about credit and credit card related issues, please visit our articles
section.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Repair: How to get back your credit credit repair and how to get
back your credit; steps involved in using credit cards to improve your
credit report and credit rating; for more credit card related issues see
our library of articles Credit Repair: How to get back your credit credit
repair and how to get back your credit; steps involved in using credit
cards to improve your credit report and credit rating; for more credit
card related issues see our library of articles Credit Repair: How to get
back your credit credit repair and how to get back your credit; steps
involved in using credit cards to improve your credit report and credit
rating; for more credit card related issues see our library of articles
Credit Repair: How to get back your credit credit repair and how to get
back your credit; steps involved in using credit cards to improve your
credit report and credit rating; for more credit card related issues see
our library of articles Credit Repair: How to get back your credit credit
repair and how to get back your credit; steps involved in using credit
cards to improve your credit report and credit rating; for more credit
card related issues see our library of articles  credit repair, credit,
credit report, credit rating 