  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Credit Reporting Q&A Credit Reporting Q&A If you've
ever applied for a credit card, charge account, a personal loan,
insurance, or a job, there's a file about you. What s in this file? This
file is called a credit report, and it has information about where you
work and live, how you pay your bills, and whether you've been sued,
arrested, or filed for bankruptcy.  There are companies called credit reporting agencies CRAs that compile this
information and sell it. What they do is give companies information about
you to gauge your creditworthiness. They give this information about you
to creditors, employers, insurers, and other businesses. You probably know
the CRAs known as credit bureaus. The three most common ones are Equifax,
Trans Union, and Experian. The Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA is designed
to promote accuracy and ensure the privacy of the information used in
consumer reports. It is enforced by the Federal Trade Commission. Below
are some commonly asked questions and answers about consumer reports and
CRAs: Q. How do I find the CRA that has my report? A. Look in the yellow
pages under credit or credit rating and reporting. The three major
national credit bureaus are:  Equifax 800-685-1111 www.equifax.com Experian 888-EXPERIAN 888-397-3742
www.experian.com Trans Union 800-916-8800 www.transunion.com If you are
ever denied credit, the one who denied you has to tell you which agency
they got your information from. You are then able to receive a free copy
from that bureau. Q. Do I have a right to know what's in my report? A.
Yes. But you have to ask for it. They will tell you everything that is in
your report. Q. Is there a charge for my report? A. Sometimes. If you just
want to look at your credit report, then you have to pay for it. But if you
are denied for credit, insurance or employment, and you request your report
within 60 days, it is free. Fees vary from agency to agency. Q. What can I
do about inaccurate or incomplete information? A. Under the Fair Credit
Reporting Act, there is a process you must follow when disputing
information. 1. Tell the CRA in writing that you dispute the information.
Provide any supporting documentation that you might have. 2. The agency
will investigate. It usually takes 30 days for this. 3. Then the CRA will
give you written notice of the results and a free credit report. 4. If the
information was inaccurate, it will be taken off your credit report.  Q. But what if the CRA says the incorrect information is accurate? A. A
reinvestigation is not always going to solve your credit issue. If the
creditor says the information is correct, most likely the CRA will believe
them. The best you can do is: &bull; Ask the CRA to file a statement that
you dispute the charge &bull; Contact your creditor directly and resolve
the issue with them first, and then ask the CRA for another investigation.
Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act if you tell the information provider
that you dispute an item, a notice of your dispute must be included
anytime the information provider reports the item to a CRA. Q. Can my
employer get my report? A. Only if you approve. Q. Can creditors,
employers, or insurers get a report that contains medical information
about me? A. Not without your approval. Q. How long can a CRA report
negative information? A. 7 years, with the following exceptions:  &bull; Criminal convictions have no time limit &bull; Bankruptcy is for 10
years &bull; No time limit on a job application for a $75,000 or more job
&bull; No time limit on insurance application of more than $150,000 &bull;
Unpaid judgments are either for 7 years or when the statute of limitations
runs out, whichever is longer. Q. Can anyone get a copy of my report? A.
No. Only those that the FCRA deems has a legitimate need can get it. For
example, an insurance company when you apply for insurance can get it, but
not a chicken restaurant when you buy a meal deal with 10 pieces or more.
Q. Can I stop a CRA from including me on lists for unsolicited credit and
insurance offers? A. Yes. Creditors and insurers may use information from
your credit report to send you unsolicited offers. But these offers have
to have a toll-free number that you can call to get your name removed from
their lists. Q. Do I have the right to sue for damages? A. You bet you can.
You may sue a CRA in state or federal court for most violations of the
FCRA. If you win, the defendant will have to pay damages and reimburse you
for attorney fees. But it must be for a violation of the Fair Credit
Reporting Act, not because of inaccurate information.  Q. Are there other laws I should know about? A. Yes. If your credit
application was denied, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act requires
creditors to specify why. But you have to ask. . For example, if you were
denied because you have a short credit history, then they have to tell you
that. &ldquo;Just because&rdquo; won t cut it. Q. Where should I report
violations of the law? A. Since the Fair Credit Reporting Act is enforced
by the FTC, you can send them information about your experiences and
concerns as it related to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Send your
questions or complaints to: Consumer Response Center - FCRA, Federal Trade
Commission, Washington, DC 20580. For specific questions about how this
information relates to your specific financial or credit situation,
contact your accountant or financial advisor. For additional articles and
tips about credit and credit card related issues, please visit our
articles section.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Reporting Q&A credit reporting questions and answers reviewed
involving credit cards, credit rating agencies, credit reporting and how
this affects gaining access to credit Credit Reporting Q&A credit
reporting questions and answers reviewed involving credit cards, credit
rating agencies, credit reporting and how this affects gaining access to
credit Credit Reporting Q&A credit reporting questions and answers
reviewed involving credit cards, credit rating agencies, credit reporting
and how this affects gaining access to credit Credit Reporting Q&A credit
reporting questions and answers reviewed involving credit cards, credit
rating agencies, credit reporting and how this affects gaining access to
credit Credit Reporting Q&A credit reporting questions and answers
reviewed involving credit cards, credit rating agencies, credit reporting
and how this affects gaining access to credit  credit reporting, credit
cards, credit rating 