    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards Articles Credit Scores For Dummies
Credit Scores For Dummies  If you are somewhat or completely confused by credit scores often called
FICO Scores , you are not alone. In fact, you are probably part of the
majority that finds themselves befuddled by how credit bureaus compile,
calculate and use these scores to determine your creditworthiness. A
credit score is simply a numeric value that has been assigned to your
historical credit habits. The original company that pioneered the creation
of this score is called Fair Isaac and Company, which forms the acronym
FICO . The combination of credit bureaus, credit card issuers and massive
databases that warehouse consumer data means that virtually every American
now has a FICO score. And, this score is vital to determining whether a
person can access low-cost credit, something more expensive or even not
being able to get new credit at all.  In general, the higher the score, the lower the interest rate a person will
have to pay on a new credit card or consumer loan. Conversely, a lower
score will translate to higher interest and less desirable terms. FICO
credit scores can range anywhere from a low of 300 all the way up to 850.
Lenders generally segment scores into six ranges for the purpose of
determining to whom they will make credit offers and at what terms. Anyone
below the sixth tier can usually only obtain credit from a sub-prime lender
at very high interest rates. Listed below are the six average credit score
ranges used by many of the nation's largest credit card, mortgage and auto
lenders: 720 – 850 700 – 719 675 – 699 620 – 674 560 – 619 500 - 559
Individual banks solely determine the credit terms that they offer to each
FICO score tier, but in general the best offers go to the top tier. Many of
the top credit card issuers specialize in super-prime lending, meaning they
target consumers with these tier 1 credit scores. However, competition
among the largest issuers could allow those in lower tiers to be
considered for leading offers, like those that feature 0% APR introductory
rates.  Want to know more about credit scores? Below are articles and resources
that should be of interest to you: What Is a Credit Report? &ndash; You’ve
heard other people talk about it, and you know it is important. But, what
is a credit report? Put simply, your credit report is what lenders look at
when deciding whether or not to approve you for a new credit card or other
loan application. What Makes Up Your Credit Score? - If you have ever
wandered how the credit bureaus come up with your credit score you are not
alone. It is one of the more arcane things in shadows of the financial
world. You may have heard about how certain actions or behaviors, like
being late with a credit card payment or having too many cards in your
wallet, can negatively affect scores.  0% Balance Transfer Credit Card &ndash; Compare leading offers for 0%
balance transfer credit cards side by side.  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Scores For Dummies Article titled Credit Scores for Dummies, which
explains fico scores and how a credit score is used by lenders and credit
bureaus to determine creditworthiness when someone applies for a credit
card. Credit Scores For Dummies Article titled Credit Scores for Dummies,
which explains fico scores and how a credit score is used by lenders and
credit bureaus to determine creditworthiness when someone applies for a
credit card. Credit Scores For Dummies Article titled Credit Scores for
Dummies, which explains fico scores and how a credit score is used by
lenders and credit bureaus to determine creditworthiness when someone
applies for a credit card. Credit Scores For Dummies Article titled Credit
Scores for Dummies, which explains fico scores and how a credit score is
used by lenders and credit bureaus to determine creditworthiness when
someone applies for a credit card. Credit Scores For Dummies Article
titled Credit Scores for Dummies, which explains fico scores and how a
credit score is used by lenders and credit bureaus to determine
creditworthiness when someone applies for a credit card.  credit scores,
fico scores, credit bureaus, credit score, fico, credit card 