  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter LOW INTEREST CREDIT CARD
SPECIALS FOR  Home Contact Us Customer Support Customer Support Department Thank you for
visiting the CreditCards.com Customer Support Department. We strive to
answer all of your questions and make your credit card research and
application experience as user-friendly as possible. Please take a moment
to review our section on frequently asked questions below. These FAQ's
have been developed to anticipate customer needs and provide quick and
relevant answers to inquiries. Frequently Asked Questions  Q. How do I Apply for a Credit Card? A. First, search for a credit card
offer you wish to apply for at www.CreditCards.com . When you find the
card you wish to apply for, click on the Apply Here button next to he card
of your choice and fill out the secure SSL application. Q: What information
will I need to provide for a credit card application? A: You will need some
basic information such as your driver s license number, social security
number, date of birth and address. Q: How long does it take to get a
credit card application decision? A: The time can vary with some credit
cards offering instant approval while others may require several weeks.
Generally, the better your credit rating the faster the response time for
a credit card application. Once a decision is made you will be notified by
mail and/or email. Q: Are online credit card applications secure? A: All
credit card applications linked to from CreditCards.com feature Secure SSL
Technology and offer the highest level of internet security involving
sophisticated data encryption.  Q: Can I apply for more than one credit card? A: Yes, you can apply for
more than one credit card. Many people have multiple credit cards. Only
card issuers can decide whether they want to approve your application for
a card or not. However, if you have more credit cards, at some point
issuers may decide that your total available credit is already high
relative to your income, and may decide not to issue you more credit
cards. Q: Is a checking account required with the bank I want to apply for
a credit card with? A: No. You do not need a bank account open with a
particular bank in order to apply for a credit card. Q. Can I get a
mail-in credit card application or apply over the phone with
CreditCards.com? A. At present CreditCards.com only allows individuals to
apply online with links to secure encrypted SSL credit card applications.
Applying online is usually safer, faster and it reduces the risk of human
error.  Q. Can I change my personal account information, make payments on or cancel
an existing credit card? A. In order to make any changes to an existing
account or handle billing issues you must contact the customer support
department for your particular card. A toll-free customer service number
is usually listed on the back of your credit card and on your credit card
statement. Q. Can non-U.S. Citizens apply for a credit card through
CreditCards.com? A. At this time only U.S. citizens are eligible to apply
for credit card offers. Q. How do I report a lost or stolen credit card?
A. You will need to contact the customer service department that issued
the lost or stolen card. The toll-free customer service number should be
listed on your billing statement. Q. I have a question about a credit card
bill&ndash; who do I call? A. Please contact the toll-free customer service
number listed on the back of your credit card and on your credit card
statement.  Customer Support Contact Form Please use the following form to contact us
regarding any topics not covered in our Customer Support FAQ's Section
above. We will provide an email response usually within one business day
of receipt of your inquiry.  = Required fields Your name: E-mail address: Please enter your question or
comment: Note: Do not include any credit card, financial, personal or
private information in this form. How did you hear about us:  Please select one... -------------------- TV Billboard Radio Mail Search
Engine Referred by Friend Referred by Business Other  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Customer Support - CreditCards.com  Customer Support - CreditCards.com 
Customer Support - CreditCards.com  Customer Support - CreditCards.com 
Customer Support - CreditCards.com    