  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards News Bank of
America Becomes the Nation's Largest Issuer Bank of America Becomes the
Nation's Largest Issuer With the recent stockholder and regulator approval
of the merger between Bank of America and MBNA, B of A has become the
largest credit card issuer in the United States. Bank of America now has
outstanding credit card assets totaling approximately $61.5 billion.  The merger in 2004 between JP Morgan Chase and Bank One created what was
then the largest issuer, surpassing Citibank for the first time ever in
terms of credit cards issued and total assets. However, Chase has fallen
to second place and Citibank third as a result of the B of A/MBNA
gargantuan merger. Bank of America began operations in 1904 in San
Francisco and was originally called the Bank of Italy, as its founder was
an Italian immigrant. Several years ago Bank of America merged with
Nation's Bank, creating the first coast to coast banking operation. Prior
to the MBNA merger, Bank of America also acquired Fleet Bank of Boston in
2003, which secured its spot as a top three banking powerhouse. For more
information on credit cards and credit card topics, please see our Credit
Card Articles section.  Want to know more about low interest credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Credit Cards and Charitable
Giving &ndash; In recent year s, credit cards have taken on yet another
useful function, that of funding your favorite charities.  Universal Default – What it is and How to Avoid It &ndash; Universal
default is a relatively new provision that has been added to the card
member terms and conditions by credit card companies. 0% APR Credit Card
Offers &ndash; Here to Stay or a Fad? &ndash; A review of the history of
low and 0% interest introductory rates on credit cards.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Bank of America Becomes the Nation's Largest Issuer News story covering how
Bank of America becomes the nation's largest issuer of credit cards
following the merger with MBNA, vaulting past the merger of JP Morgan
Chase and Bank One, and even Citibank. Bank of America Becomes the
Nation's Largest Issuer News story covering how Bank of America becomes
the nation's largest issuer of credit cards following the merger with
MBNA, vaulting past the merger of JP Morgan Chase and Bank One, and even
Citibank. Bank of America Becomes the Nation's Largest Issuer News story
covering how Bank of America becomes the nation's largest issuer of credit
cards following the merger with MBNA, vaulting past the merger of JP Morgan
Chase and Bank One, and even Citibank. Bank of America Becomes the Nation's
Largest Issuer News story covering how Bank of America becomes the nation's
largest issuer of credit cards following the merger with MBNA, vaulting
past the merger of JP Morgan Chase and Bank One, and even Citibank. Bank
of America Becomes the Nation's Largest Issuer News story covering how
Bank of America becomes the nation's largest issuer of credit cards
following the merger with MBNA, vaulting past the merger of JP Morgan
Chase and Bank One, and even Citibank.  Bank of America, credit cards,
MBNA, B of A, JP Morgan Chase, Bank One, Citibank 