Deciding which Credit Card is Right for You    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Deciding which Credit Card is right for you Deciding
which Credit Card is right for you Not all credit cards are created
equally. And so it makes it that much harder to decide which credit card.
There are many factors you should take into consideration when deciding
which credit card you want to get.  Some of those factors include: &bull; Interest rate &bull; Reward programs
&bull; Annual fees &bull; Member benefits Let s look at these factors
separately so you can see how to evaluate which card might be right for
you. Interest Rate If you pay off your balance every month, most likely a
low interest rate won t matter to you. But most people are not so
financially disciplined with their credit cards. Most people do carry a
balance. If you are late sometimes on your payment and carry a balance,
then a credit card with a low interest rate is right for you. It could
save you a lot of money. As you know, the difference between a 10% and 20%
interest rate could be significant if you carry balances for a long period
of time. All the major credit cards&mdash; Visa , MasterCard , Discover ,
and AMEX &mdash;have low interest versions of their credit card. Reward
Programs Whether you have a Visa, MasterCard, Discover, or American
Express credit card, all of them have reward programs. A popular reward
program for most credit cards is a frequent flyer card like the Delta
Skymiles Card and the Citibank AAdvantage Card . Both of these cards offer
you one frequent flyer mile for each dollar spent. If you travel a lot,
then this kind of reward might be exactly what you are looking for.
Discover cards are famous for offer a 2% cash-back bonus on their cards.
So, depending on your situation, this may be a card you might want to
consider getting. Here is a list of just some popular reward programs that
all the major credit card companies&mdash;Visa, MasterCard, American
Express, and Discover&mdash;offer:  &bull; Frequent flyer program &bull; Cash-back option &bull; Discounts at
retail stores or online chains, such as amazon.com, Toys R Us, etc. Annual
Fees Although rewards are great, none of these cards come without a price.
Some have moderate, while others have expensive annual fees. Especially
for people who pay off their balances every month, the annual fee is an
important consideration. It might be prohibitive for some people, but not
so for others. You should just consider if the rewards you are getting
from the card outweigh the annual fee that you have to pay on your credit
card. Moreover, there are many credit cards out there that have no annual
fees. These might be worth considering if annual fees are your primary
concern. Membership Benefits Benefits vary on cards. Some offer travel
protection, while others offer roadside assistance. These benefits can be
useful for your particular lifestyle. So, if you are selecting a credit
card, it is important to weigh the pros and cons of its benefits. And it
is another good idea to see if you can t get the same benefits somewhere
else for a cheaper price.  So, when selecting a credit card take all these things into consideration.
Decide which card fits your lifestyle choices. Before applying for any
credit card, be sure to discuss your specific financial needs with your
financial advisor. For other credit and credit card related articles,
please visit our library of articles Additional Resources Credit and
Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and
Dont's of Closing Accounts Protecting Your Credit Card  Limiting Your Financial Loss  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Deciding which Credit Card is Right for You Overview on deciding which
credit card is right for you, including factors such as interest rate,
reward programs, banks and issuers such as Visa, MasterCard, Discover and
American Express offer low interest rate credit cards along with frequent
flyer and cash back option cards, with no annual fees and rewards Deciding
which Credit Card is Right for You Overview on deciding which credit card
is right for you, including factors such as interest rate, reward
programs, banks and issuers such as Visa, MasterCard, Discover and
American Express offer low interest rate credit cards along with frequent
flyer and cash back option cards, with no annual fees and rewards Deciding
which Credit Card is Right for You Overview on deciding which credit card
is right for you, including factors such as interest rate, reward
programs, banks and issuers such as Visa, MasterCard, Discover and
American Express offer low interest rate credit cards along with frequent
flyer and cash back option cards, with no annual fees and rewards Deciding
which Credit Card is Right for You Overview on deciding which credit card
is right for you, including factors such as interest rate, reward
programs, banks and issuers such as Visa, MasterCard, Discover and
American Express offer low interest rate credit cards along with frequent
flyer and cash back option cards, with no annual fees and rewards Deciding
which Credit Card is Right for You Overview on deciding which credit card
is right for you, including factors such as interest rate, reward
programs, banks and issuers such as Visa, MasterCard, Discover and
American Express offer low interest rate credit cards along with frequent
flyer and cash back option cards, with no annual fees and rewards  credit
card reward programs, low interest rate, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Amex,
American Express card, Delta Skymiles Card, Citibank AAdvantage Card,
frequent flyer program, cash-back option 