Discover the Latest in Cool Card Designs    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Discover the Latest in Cool Card Designs Discover the
Latest in Cool Card Designs Most people search for credit cards based on
traditional features, like low 0% interest rates , no annual fees or cash
back rewards . But others seek a little aesthetic distinction when
shopping for a new credit card. Discover Financial Services offers all the
leading standard pricing and reward features, plus a serious selection of
the coolest card designs available in the marketplace today!  When Discover Card launched over twenty years ago they offered a
revolutionary sunburst design on their card. If you can remember, this was
a very conservative time in the credit card world. Generally, the only
recognizable design element on credit cards back then was the Visa or
MasterCard logo on the front. These days there are hundreds of credit card
designs that are fairly distinct. But, that doesn't make them truly cool.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder of course, but Discover seems to have
more to offer in this realm. The wild designs apply across the offer
spectrum, from their basic cards to their cash back reward cards and even
special reward category credit cards. The cool designs started a few years
ago, when Discover Card launched their clear card as an option for new
applicants. It featured a mod, repetitive bright blue grid pattern over a
darker blue translucent background. The design obviously caught on, as
Discover has added a myriad of new design choices to their card choice
menu.  Next came the American Flag card , launched in response to the tidal wave
of patriotism that followed the 9/11 attacks on New York and Washington,
D.C. The latest in the series includes a selection of wildlife and sea
life . The designs feature, for example, images of a tiger, bald eagle and
a killer whale in their natural elements. Whether you are interested in
designs that are see-through, artistic, patriotic or simply natural and
awe-inspiring, the bases are covered. Discover makes it easy by providing
similar reward benefits across its different credit card product. If you
are most interested in free gasoline rebates or earning frequent flyer
miles with your next credit card, the design choices are a bit more
limited, but no less interesting. So, if you are one of those consumers
that prefers a little extra visual appeal to the card you carry, you may
want to consider the pallet of options from Discover Card. Oh, and don't
forget the fact that you can get up to 5% cash back rebates on Discover .
Get More purchases throughout the year at grocery stores, restaurants,
bookstores, home improvement stores and more. Being good looking and rich
is a good combination.  For additional information on credit cards or related topics please see our
library of articles . Want to know more about reward credit cards? Below
are articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Cash Back
Credit Cards – Show Me the Money! &ndash; With cash back credit cards
consumers should ask Show me the money &#8212; how cash back rebate cards
provide cash back rewards.  How To Determine Which Reward Credit Card Is For You &ndash; An overview of
some of the best reward credit card programs. How to Super-size Your Credit
Card Reward Program &ndash; Insider tips for methods to increase your
reward credit card earning power.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Discover the Latest in Cool Card Designs Article discussing how to discover
the latest in cool card designs from Discover Financial Services, how those
searching for credit cards often include card design in their choice over
0% interest rates and cash back rewards and how Discover Card offers
advantages over designs from visa and mastercard. Discover the Latest in
Cool Card Designs Article discussing how to discover the latest in cool
card designs from Discover Financial Services, how those searching for
credit cards often include card design in their choice over 0% interest
rates and cash back rewards and how Discover Card offers advantages over
designs from visa and mastercard. Discover the Latest in Cool Card Designs
Article discussing how to discover the latest in cool card designs from
Discover Financial Services, how those searching for credit cards often
include card design in their choice over 0% interest rates and cash back
rewards and how Discover Card offers advantages over designs from visa and
mastercard. Discover the Latest in Cool Card Designs Article discussing how
to discover the latest in cool card designs from Discover Financial
Services, how those searching for credit cards often include card design
in their choice over 0% interest rates and cash back rewards and how
Discover Card offers advantages over designs from visa and mastercard.
Discover the Latest in Cool Card Designs Article discussing how to
discover the latest in cool card designs from Discover Financial Services,
how those searching for credit cards often include card design in their
choice over 0% interest rates and cash back rewards and how Discover Card
offers advantages over designs from visa and mastercard.  Discover
Financial Services, Discover Card, credit cards, cool card designs, 0%
interest rates, cash back rewards, visa, mastercard 