Do s and Don ts When Closing Old Accounts    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards  Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Prepaid
Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials Advanta  American Express Bank of America Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First
Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter  CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Do's and Don'ts When Closing Old Accounts Do's and
Don'ts When Closing Old Accounts It is always important to not have more
credit card accounts than you can handle. When you do open a new account
because of a better interest rate, a promotional offer or for whatever
reason, you should always close any current credit card accounts you no
longer plan on using. There are many reasons why you should do this:  Helps you keep track of your credit cards Keeps your credit report cleaner
Qualifies you for loans by lowering the amount of revolving debt Helps you
avoid unnecessary fees Prevents you from being a victim of identity theft
To help you understand what you should and should not do when closing old
credit card accounts, here are a few tips to keep in mind. What you should
DO when closing credit card accounts&hellip; Close unused and idle
accounts. &ndash; Doing so prevents your from being a victim of identity
theft and from being charged annual fees for unused cards.  Cancel accounts with current balances that you want to pay off and no
longer use. &ndash; If don t want to use a card anymore, you can close the
account and then concentrate on paying off the balance. This strategy keeps
you from spending more on that account and lowers your amount of available
debt when applying for a loan. Ensure you still have several credit card
accounts open. &ndash; Keeping several credit card accounts open will keep
your credit score and debt balances healthy. Creditors view signs of
activity and responsible credit use positively. However, you must use
these credit card accounts responsibly or you could find yourself
suffering from a poor credit rating. Have one card designated for regular
use and pay it off each month. &ndash; This one card can be reserved for
everyday spending while your other cards can be used for emergency or
specific purposes, such as vacations, business trips, etc. By paying off
this one card each month, you won t need to worry about carrying a balance
when using the other cards for higher priced items.  Check your credit report. &ndash; After closing an account, check your
credit report to ensure that the accounts have been marked as closed and
to determine whether there are any errors. Look for late payments, high
balances and signs of identity theft. Destroy canceled credit cards.
&ndash; It is important to cut up closed credit card accounts by cutting
through the account number. This prevents someone else from stealing your
credit card and reopening the account. What you should NOT DO when closing
credit card accounts&hellip; Don t close your oldest credit card account. -
This could cause your credit history to appear shorter and could harm your
credit score. Better to keep the account open and not use it or just use
it infrequently. If you want to close it because of a higher interest
rate, contact the credit card company to see about lowering the APR.  Don t expect credit card accounts to close automatically. &ndash; The only
way an account is closed is if you contact the credit card company in
writing asking to close the account. Contact their customer service
department if you need their mailing address. Typically, they will confirm
that the account is closed within 10-15 days. Don t be pressured into
canceling several accounts at once. &ndash; It is better to gradually pay
down and then close the accounts if you are unsure about the impact doing
so will have on your credit score or you are uncertain as to the amount of
debt you need to carry. You may need those credit cards again in the
future. Avoid over-consolidating balances onto one card. - If your credit
balances rise to above 50% of your available limits, you may see a drop in
your credit score. Having a credit card is a privilege and a benefit that
many people enjoy. Be smart when closing old accounts to ensure you get
the best possible APRs and benefits from your credit cards.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles . Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Choosing the Right Credit Card for You
Protecting Your Credit Card Limiting Your Financial Loss    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Do s and Don ts When Closing Old Accounts Article describing what you
should and should not do when closing old accounts; do not have more
credit card accounts than necessary even if tempted by a better interest
rate or promotional offer; fear of identity theft motivates many to close
unused accounts but it can potentially harm your credit score and credit
history if you close your oldest card; Be smart when closing old accounts
to ensure you get the best possible APRs Do s and Don ts When Closing Old
Accounts Article describing what you should and should not do when closing
old accounts; do not have more credit card accounts than necessary even if
tempted by a better interest rate or promotional offer; fear of identity
theft motivates many to close unused accounts but it can potentially harm
your credit score and credit history if you close your oldest card; Be
smart when closing old accounts to ensure you get the best possible APRs
Do s and Don ts When Closing Old Accounts Article describing what you
should and should not do when closing old accounts; do not have more
credit card accounts than necessary even if tempted by a better interest
rate or promotional offer; fear of identity theft motivates many to close
unused accounts but it can potentially harm your credit score and credit
history if you close your oldest card; Be smart when closing old accounts
to ensure you get the best possible APRs Do s and Don ts When Closing Old
Accounts Article describing what you should and should not do when closing
old accounts; do not have more credit card accounts than necessary even if
tempted by a better interest rate or promotional offer; fear of identity
theft motivates many to close unused accounts but it can potentially harm
your credit score and credit history if you close your oldest card; Be
smart when closing old accounts to ensure you get the best possible APRs
Do s and Don ts When Closing Old Accounts Article describing what you
should and should not do when closing old accounts; do not have more
credit card accounts than necessary even if tempted by a better interest
rate or promotional offer; fear of identity theft motivates many to close
unused accounts but it can potentially harm your credit score and credit
history if you close your oldest card; Be smart when closing old accounts
to ensure you get the best possible APRs  closing credit card accounts,
identity theft, credit score, best possible APRs, credit card related
articles 