  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News Earn 5% Cash Back with Discover Earn 5% Cash Back with
Discover Discover Card Services has begun offering a great new cash back
bonus to their cardmembers that pays an eye-popping 5% bonus for everyday
purchases at select merchants in popular categories like gasoline
stations, grocery stores and drugstores, online shopping, bookstores and
music. The only requirement is to visit the Discover Card Services member
log-in page and sign up for the free service. So, treat yourself to a
dinner and a movie and get a 5% Cash back Bonus.  Start by applying online for a Discover Credit Card through
CreditCards.com. Once you are approved, simply sign up for the 5% Cash
Back Bonus at Discover.com. During the month of November, use your
Discover Card through in these categories to get to get 5%:
Restaurants—fast food to fine dining Movie theaters Movie rental stores
There's no cost to you and you'll continue to receive your Cash back Bonus
of up to 1% on all your other purchases. The categories of purchases that
are eligible for the 5% cash back bonus change on a periodic basis, so it
pays to check each month at Discover.com to see where you can save with
your everyday purchases. And, you don't have to do anything after first
signing up to earn – Discover recognizes your category purchase and
applies the cash back savings to your account automatically.  You can even get paid for paying your bills with the Discover Card. By
paying your bills online with a Discover card, you can save time, simplify
finances and earn cash back bonuses. Simply call your monthly bill
providers and set up your accounts to be automatically paid with your
Discover Card. That way your bills are paid on time, every time. And, you
can leverage this often overlooked way to leverage more of your monthly
spending to earn cash back rewards. Generally, you can automatically pay
bills with a credit card like cable, satellite TV, telecom,
magazine/newspaper subscriptions and health club memberships. The Cash
Back Bonus is available for all types of Discover Cards with the exception
of the Discover Miles and Discover Gas Cards, which carry their own rich
reward program options. Full reward program details will be sent to
cardmembers with their new cards. For other credit and credit card related
news, please visit our news center .  Want more news about cash back credit cards? Below are news articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How Cash Back Credit Cards
Work - An explanation of the process for cash back credit cards. Cash Back
vs. Reward Credit Cards &ndash; A comparison of cash back and reward credit
card benefits. Cash Back Credit Cards – Compare leading Cash Back credit
card offers side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Earn 5% Cash Back with Discover Overview of how to earn 5% cash back with a
discover credit card through their cash back bonus program. Earn 5% Cash
Back with Discover Overview of how to earn 5% cash back with a discover
credit card through their cash back bonus program. Earn 5% Cash Back with
Discover Overview of how to earn 5% cash back with a discover credit card
through their cash back bonus program. Earn 5% Cash Back with Discover
Overview of how to earn 5% cash back with a discover credit card through
their cash back bonus program. Earn 5% Cash Back with Discover Overview of
how to earn 5% cash back with a discover credit card through their cash
back bonus program.  cash back, Discover, cash back bonus, credit card 