Earn Extra Credit with a Rewards Student Credit Card    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Earn Extra Credit with a Rewards Student Credit Card
Earn Extra Credit with a Rewards Student Credit Card Not so long ago, it
was virtually impossible for a young person without a solid credit history
and employment record to qualify for a new credit card. But, as the saying
goes, times have changed. Nowadays, a student that is actively enrolled in
an accredited four year college or university can apply and qualify for a
wide range of cutting-edge credit card products from the nation's leading
banks and issuers.  And, the card choices are not limited to those with high fees, high APRs
and no benefits. Quite the contrary is true. Today's product offerings
include reward credit cards that provide an opportunity to earn points for
merchandise, cash back, airline frequent flyer miles and entertainment
rewards with each purchase dollar. Some notable examples of these types of
reward credit cards include the Citi Dividend Platinum Select Card for
College Students . This card offers 0% for 6 months and up to 5% cash back
on eligible purchases at grocery stores, gasoline stations and drug stores,
all with no annual fee. These types of features have only recently become
available to the general consumer credit card market, so the ability of a
college student to receive these benefits is quite extraordinary.  Other amazing deals are available from premier issuers like Chase and
Discover, including the Chase Platinum Student Card . This card also
offers 0% introductory APR along with automatic membership in Chase's
renowned Ultimate Rewards Program, which provides an earning rate of 1
point per dollar spent on the card and a very desirable array of
merchandise redemption options. The advent of student rewards credit card
offers is a testament to the value that major banks like Citi, Chase,
American Express and Discover have placed on college students. Studies
have shown that the first card acquired by a student in college is often
kept for many years after graduation, thus providing a huge customer value
return to the issuer. And, the value certainly isn't all for the banks.
Beyond harnessing the reward earning power inherent in everyday student
life, like tuition, rent, books, food and road trips, there is the primary
value of building a solid credit history. The college years are a great
time to find yourself, grow up and choose a direction in life. But they
are also a critical time to form a financial track record, which can be
greatly augmented with the responsible use of a student credit card. And,
with so many options, students can make their first credit card choice a
rewarding one.  Want to know more about student credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Student Credit 101 &ndash;
Basic overview of issues and options for student credit and student credit
cards. How to Establish Credit with a Student Credit Card – Ways to quickly
build a successful credit history with a student credit card.  High School & College Student Credit Cards – Compare leading student credit
cards side by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Earn Extra Credit with a Rewards Student Credit Card Article on how young
people can earn extra credit with a rewards student credit card and how
reward credit cards are now available to college students offering cash
back; examples of the citi dividend platinum select card and chase
platinum select card. Earn Extra Credit with a Rewards Student Credit Card
Article on how young people can earn extra credit with a rewards student
credit card and how reward credit cards are now available to college
students offering cash back; examples of the citi dividend platinum select
card and chase platinum select card. Earn Extra Credit with a Rewards
Student Credit Card Article on how young people can earn extra credit with
a rewards student credit card and how reward credit cards are now available
to college students offering cash back; examples of the citi dividend
platinum select card and chase platinum select card. Earn Extra Credit
with a Rewards Student Credit Card Article on how young people can earn
extra credit with a rewards student credit card and how reward credit
cards are now available to college students offering cash back; examples
of the citi dividend platinum select card and chase platinum select card.
Earn Extra Credit with a Rewards Student Credit Card Article on how young
people can earn extra credit with a rewards student credit card and how
reward credit cards are now available to college students offering cash
back; examples of the citi dividend platinum select card and chase
platinum select card.  rewards, student credit card, credit card, reward
credit cards, cash back, citi dividend platinum select, chase platinum
student card 