Strategies For Earning Frequent Flyer Credit Card Points Sooner    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Earning Frequent Flyer Credit Card Points Sooner
Strategies For Earning Frequent Flyer Credit Card Points Sooner The best
strategies for getting that next free airline ticket with the help of your
airline rewards or frequent flyer credit card boil down to seeking out all
the incentives that have been created for specific airlines and their
partners, including those provided by your airline rewards credit card
issuer. Airline credit cards basically come in two flavors – either a card
is issued in partnership with a specific airline such as the Southwest
Airlines Signature Visa and the Citi AAdvantage MasterCard or is a generic
miles card where the miles earned can be used on any airline such as the
Chase Value Miles Platinum Visa .  Airline-specific rewards credit cards tend to offer special incentives in
conjunction with their hotel and rental car partners where you can earn
significantly more miles if you put those purchases on your credit card.
Packaged vacation deals are another area where cardmembers can rack up
significant miles and get past that average 25,000 mile threshold to earn
a free ticket. Generic airline & frequent flyer credit cards offer the
advantage of being able to use the miles accumulated on any airline. This
works by the bank actually taking the cash value of your miles
approximately 1 – 2 cents per mile and purchasing a discount ticket on any
airline you choose. Once you reach a mileage redemption threshold, say
20,000 miles, and wish to book a flight the bank will convert your
earnings into cash value and buy the ticket through a travel booking
agency. The availability of discounted fares on the dates you wish to
travel may be limited but at least you can choose any airline.  The quickest route to free travel is to fly as often as possible and charge
the tickets on your airline rewards credit card since this can potentially
generate tens of thousands of miles in a year. Business travelers are able
to leverage this activity at no personal cost and tend to be the recipients
of the most free travel awards assuming they want to get back on an
airplane after all that work-related travel . Leisure travelers can also
take advantage of everyday spending opportunities such as charging
groceries, gasoline and setting up automatic recurring payments on their
card to add up their miles.  Want to know more about frequent flyer & airline credit cards? Below are
articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Your Mileage May
Vary &ndash; A Survey of Airline Rewards Programs &ndash; A review of
differences between airline credit card programs on the market. FAQ s
About Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards &ndash; Common questions about
air miles credit cards answered. Frequent Flyer Credit Cards &ndash;
Compare leading airline credit cards with frequent flyer programs side by
side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Strategies For Earning Frequent Flyer Credit Card Points Sooner Methods for
earning additional frequent flyer credit card miles from everyday purchases
made with an airline rewards credit card, Citi AAdvantage Mastercard, Chase
Value Miles Platinum Visa or rewards credit cards; purchases normally made
with other forms of payment, airline travel, airline partner purchases and
vacation packages can be leveraged. Strategies For Earning Frequent Flyer
Credit Card Points Sooner Methods for earning additional frequent flyer
credit card miles from everyday purchases made with an airline rewards
credit card, Citi AAdvantage Mastercard, Chase Value Miles Platinum Visa
or rewards credit cards; purchases normally made with other forms of
payment, airline travel, airline partner purchases and vacation packages
can be leveraged. Strategies For Earning Frequent Flyer Credit Card Points
Sooner Methods for earning additional frequent flyer credit card miles from
everyday purchases made with an airline rewards credit card, Citi
AAdvantage Mastercard, Chase Value Miles Platinum Visa or rewards credit
cards; purchases normally made with other forms of payment, airline
travel, airline partner purchases and vacation packages can be leveraged.
Strategies For Earning Frequent Flyer Credit Card Points Sooner Methods
for earning additional frequent flyer credit card miles from everyday
purchases made with an airline rewards credit card, Citi AAdvantage
Mastercard, Chase Value Miles Platinum Visa or rewards credit cards;
purchases normally made with other forms of payment, airline travel,
airline partner purchases and vacation packages can be leveraged.
Strategies For Earning Frequent Flyer Credit Card Points Sooner Methods
for earning additional frequent flyer credit card miles from everyday
purchases made with an airline rewards credit card, Citi AAdvantage
Mastercard, Chase Value Miles Platinum Visa or rewards credit cards;
purchases normally made with other forms of payment, airline travel,
airline partner purchases and vacation packages can be leveraged. 
Frequent Flyer Credit Card, airline rewards credit card, Citi AAdvantage
Mastercard, Chase Value Miles Platinum Visa, rewards credit cards 