  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Eliminate Credit Card Debt Eliminate Credit Card Debt
Credit card and other personal debt is an unfortunate fact of American
life. Our consumer society bombards us with buy-it-now messages through
every conceivable advertising medium. The average American household
carries over $9,000 in revolving debt. This is an alarming statistic that
should get everyone's attention. The only wise course of action is to
eliminate credit card debt and to begin now. There are basically five
tried and true steps to getting debt free. Follow this simple guide and
you can take charge of your financial future.  Step 1 . To eliminate credit card debt stop adding to the problem. If you
are thousands of dollars in debt and continue spending more on your credit
cards than you make things are obviously not moving in the right direction
and only getting worse. You must stop using your credit cards to borrow
from tomorrow what you want today. Step 2 . Set up a budget. This can be a
difficult exercise for many of us since easy access to credit cards has
been made available for so long. The interesting part of this process is
that it spotlights how much wasteful and unnecessary spending we engage in
that can be curtailed without undue pain. Non-discretionary items such as
mortgage/rent, utilities, food and insurance take up the lion's share of
most household budgets but it's important to allow yourself some mad money
to play with if possible every month. The only difference is that instead
of giving yourself carte blanch to get anything you want with a credit
card you have set aside a fixed amount of cash to allocate toward
discretionary items.  Step 3 . Use cash rather than credit cards when possible. There is a reason
that casinos give you chips to spend instead or requiring cash – it's
because people don't attach the same value to non-cash substitutes and
will spend and bet more freely. And it's the same with credit cards.
National averages show people spend 112% more when using a credit card vs.
cash for purchases. It's no wonder that most merchants accept and encourage
the use of credit cards. So, next time you buy pair of new shoes or the
latest CD try laying out the cash and feel the burn rather than quickly
signing a credit card charge slip. It's amazing how it makes you think
twice about those impulse purchases. Step 4 . Another thing to do to
eliminate credit card debt is to get a better rate on your existing credit
card. If you have thousands in personal debt it can really help the monthly
cash flow if you are able to transfer those balances onto a low interest or
0% APR credit card. Your credit rating will generally determine whether you
can be eligible for the lowest rate offers but it could definitely be worth
the effort.  Step 5 . Apply your new found cash flow to retiring that debt. Living
within your income, establishing a budget, paying cash and spending less
along with better interest rate terms on your credit card debt should save
you hundreds each month. The final step involves applying these funds
toward your outstanding credit card balances to help eliminate your credit
card debt.  Want to know more about how to eliminate credit card debt? Below are
additional articles and resources that should be of interest to you:
Credit card debt consolidation &ndash; retire those high rate plastics
&ndash; Tips on saving money by transferring high interest rate balances
to a 0% interest credit card. How to compare 0% balance transfer credit
cards &ndash; Tips on using 0% interest credit cards to eliminate credit
card debt. Balance Transfer Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading offers
for 0% balance transfer credit cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Eliminate Credit Card Debt Overview of U.S. personal debt, how to eliminate
credit card debt, five steps to follow to become debt free, search for low
interest and 0% APR credit card deals and lowest rate offers with our
Balance Transfer Credit Cards section Eliminate Credit Card Debt Overview
of U.S. personal debt, how to eliminate credit card debt, five steps to
follow to become debt free, search for low interest and 0% APR credit card
deals and lowest rate offers with our Balance Transfer Credit Cards section
Eliminate Credit Card Debt Overview of U.S. personal debt, how to eliminate
credit card debt, five steps to follow to become debt free, search for low
interest and 0% APR credit card deals and lowest rate offers with our
Balance Transfer Credit Cards section Eliminate Credit Card Debt Overview
of U.S. personal debt, how to eliminate credit card debt, five steps to
follow to become debt free, search for low interest and 0% APR credit card
deals and lowest rate offers with our Balance Transfer Credit Cards section
Eliminate Credit Card Debt Overview of U.S. personal debt, how to eliminate
credit card debt, five steps to follow to become debt free, search for low
interest and 0% APR credit card deals and lowest rate offers with our
Balance Transfer Credit Cards section  Eliminate Credit Card Debt, credit
card, debt free, credit cards, low interest, 0% APR credit card 