    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards News Bank of America to Issue American
Express Bank of America to Issue American Express  Not to be outdone by the recent move made by Citibank , Bank of America has
officially announced that it will begin issuing credit cards on the
American Express Open Network . The decision to offer American
Express-branded credit cards is expected to help the bank's efforts to
attract new customers according to a press release from the nation's
largest credit card issuer. Visa and MasterCard bank membership
requirements previously prohibited member banking organizations from
issuing competitor-branded cards i.e. American Express or Discover Card .
This membership bylaw was rescinded as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit
brought by American Express in 2004.  The first major credit card issuer to take advantage of the 2005 Justice
Department ruling that allowed banks to issue American Express Cards was
MBNA, which was itself acquired by Bank of America in a $35 billion deal
that was officially approved on January 1, 2006. While the American
Express brand is popular across many population segments, Bank of America
sees the product as having most appeal to its private banking and premier
bank customers. These are decidedly upscale customer segments that are
accustomed to the perks and prestige that is associated with the American
Express brand and Bank of America is seeking to cement their loyalty with
an ancillary product set. Regardless of Bank of America's initial product
targeting, the American Express products should find broad appeal once
they become featured online through CreditCards.com. For more news stories
about credit cards or related topics please see our News About Credit Cards
section.  Want more news about American Express? Below are news articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: American Express &ndash;
Coming Soon to a Bank Near You &ndash; Relating to a 2004 ruling by the
justice department that Visa and MasterCard can no longer prevent member
banks from issuing credit cards by American Express. American Express
&ndash; An American Success Story &ndash; History of how American Express
came to issue products like the gold card and platinum card.  Now Open for Business – American Express Provides Open Access &ndash;
American Express provides open access with their small business card
network.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Bank of America to Issue American Express News story announcing how Bank of
America will issue American Express cards, similar to the recent
announcement from Citibank, decision is a result of the justice department
ruling against Visa and MasterCard in favor of American Express and
Discover Card. Bank of America to Issue American Express News story
announcing how Bank of America will issue American Express cards, similar
to the recent announcement from Citibank, decision is a result of the
justice department ruling against Visa and MasterCard in favor of American
Express and Discover Card. Bank of America to Issue American Express News
story announcing how Bank of America will issue American Express cards,
similar to the recent announcement from Citibank, decision is a result of
the justice department ruling against Visa and MasterCard in favor of
American Express and Discover Card. Bank of America to Issue American
Express News story announcing how Bank of America will issue American
Express cards, similar to the recent announcement from Citibank, decision
is a result of the justice department ruling against Visa and MasterCard
in favor of American Express and Discover Card. Bank of America to Issue
American Express News story announcing how Bank of America will issue
American Express cards, similar to the recent announcement from Citibank,
decision is a result of the justice department ruling against Visa and
MasterCard in favor of American Express and Discover Card.  Bank of
America, American Express, credit cards, Citibank, Visa, MasterCard,
Discover Card 