  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles FAQ's - Airline Reward Credit Cards FAQ's About
Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards Listed below are some of the more
common frequently asked questions concerning airline frequent flyer credit
cards: Q: Is there an annual fee for all airline frequent flyer credit
cards and, if so, why?  A: Typically there is an annual fee charged for airline frequent flyer
credit cards, especially if it is issued in partnership with one of the
major airlines. While most other types of credit cards, even rewards and
cash back credit cards, do not have an annual fee the cost of airline
frequent flyer programs is such that an annual fee must be charged for it
to be profitable for the credit card issuing bank. Q: How are miles earned
on airline frequent flyer credit cards? A: Miles are generally earned at a
rate of 1 mile per dollar spent on the credit card. A notable exception is
the Southwest Airlines Signature Visa, which requires the equivalent of
$1.20 of credit card spending to earn a mile but they make it much easier
to earn with a threshold of an equivalence of only 16,000 miles and you
can earn double mileage credit when booking flights on their internet
reservation website . Q: What happens to the miles once they are earned on
the credit card?  A: The credit card issuer will transfer the miles to your frequent flyer
account once per month where they will be added to miles earned from
flying or using other airline partner services, such as car rental or
hotel charges. Q: Do miles earned on airline frequent flyer credit cards
expire? A: The miles do not expire any differently than those earned from
other sources besides credit card spending. Check with your specific
airline frequent flyer program for their specific mileage account
policies. Most airline frequent flyer program allow miles in your account
to not expire if you have account activity purchase a ticket or redeem
miles at certain intervals such as once every three years . Q: Are
airline-specific rewards credit cards better than generic mileage credit
cards? A: Airline reward credit cards issued in partnership with specific
airlines like the Citi AAdvantage MasterCard or the United Mileage Plus
card are not better or worse than generic mileage rewards credit cards
such as the Chase Value Miles Platinum Visa or the Discover Miles card .
Both types of frequent flyer rewards program generally earn at the same
rate of 1 mile per dollar spent on the card. They differ in that the
airline-specific cards provide more avenues for earning miles, with
special incentives often given for charging the cost of hotel and rental
car companies with whom the airlines has included in its frequent flyer
loyalty program. Airline-specific programs normally have an annual fee,
however, where most generic programs do not. But, if you have a strong
preference for a certain carrier it is probably best to choose their card
over a generic. Some of the generic programs require a ticket redemption
fee once you have reached the award threshold and wish to reserve a
flight, so be sure to inquire with the issuing bank.  Want to know more about airline credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Strategies For Earning A Free
Airline Ticket Sooner &ndash; Ways to leverage airline credit card spending
to earn miles faster. Your Mileage May Vary &ndash; A Survey of Airline
Rewards Programs &ndash; A review of differences between airline credit
card programs on the market.  Airline Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading airline credit cards with
frequent flyer programs side by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  FAQ s About Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards General questions and
answers about airline frequent flyer rewards credit cards concerning fees,
mileage earning and how to redeem for a free award ticket. FAQ s About
Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards General questions and answers about
airline frequent flyer rewards credit cards concerning fees, mileage
earning and how to redeem for a free award ticket. FAQ s About Airline
Frequent Flyer Credit Cards General questions and answers about airline
frequent flyer rewards credit cards concerning fees, mileage earning and
how to redeem for a free award ticket. FAQ s About Airline Frequent Flyer
Credit Cards General questions and answers about airline frequent flyer
rewards credit cards concerning fees, mileage earning and how to redeem
for a free award ticket. FAQ s About Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards
General questions and answers about airline frequent flyer rewards credit
cards concerning fees, mileage earning and how to redeem for a free award
ticket.  Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards, credit cards, credit card,
cash back credit cards, reward credit cards 