  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles FAQ's About Instant Approval Credit Cards FAQ's About
Instant Approval Credit Cards  Q: What does instant approval credit cards mean for applicants? A: Instant
approval refers to the process by which credit card companies take your
application information and instantly make a credit decision using your
information to pull a credit report online. Q: How does this differ from
Instant Decision? A: Instant decision is a term that allows the banks to
defer the approval/decline decision until they can do some back-end work
if an application credit decision requires more scrutiny i.e. they either
don't have the ability or don't want a final, real time decision in some
cases . Q: I've also heard of the term Instant Credit . Is this the same
as instant approval? A: Instant Credit involves not only instant approval
but also provides the applicant with a temporary card number that provides
the ability to make an online purchase immediately. This capability was
initially developed about five years ago but most banks have stopped the
practice due to losses from fraudulent uses of instant credit. Instant
approval gives the banks a few days to verify the applicant information in
order to make a better credit decision.  Q: Are instant approval applications as secure as filling out a paper
application and sending it through the mail? A: Yes. Our site offers links
to only secure applications through the major banks and credit card
companies that employ the latest internet security data encryption. If
anything they are probably more secure than sending information through
the mail. Q: How long does it take to get a credit card once my
application has received instant approval? A: This varies by issuer but
the typical time required is around 5 – 7 business days. The specific
issuer will be able to provide more specific information through their
customer service unit.  Want to know more about instant approval credit cards? Below are articles
and resources that should be of interest to you: You Have Been Approved
for An Instant Approval Credit Card! Now What Happens? &ndash; The steps
involved before you actually get your new instant approval credit card in
hand. Instant Approval Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading credit cards
with instant approval side by side and apply online for the card of your
choice.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  FAQ's About Instant Approval Credit Cards FAQ's about instant approval
credit cards, the difference between instant approval, instant credit,
instant decision credit card applications FAQ's About Instant Approval
Credit Cards FAQ's about instant approval credit cards, the difference
between instant approval, instant credit, instant decision credit card
applications FAQ's About Instant Approval Credit Cards FAQ's about instant
approval credit cards, the difference between instant approval, instant
credit, instant decision credit card applications FAQ's About Instant
Approval Credit Cards FAQ's about instant approval credit cards, the
difference between instant approval, instant credit, instant decision
credit card applications FAQ's About Instant Approval Credit Cards FAQ's
about instant approval credit cards, the difference between instant
approval, instant credit, instant decision credit card applications 
Instant Approval, Credit Cards, instant approval credit cards 