    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Feeling Blue Can be a Good Thing with American
Express Blue Feeling Blue Can be a Good Thing with American Express Blue
The American Express Blue Card is one of the most innovative cards in the
marketplace. Not only is it cool looking being transparent and all but it
is also a great deal for the consumer. 0% introductory APR comes standard
with Blue for a full 15 months on all purchases along with super low
lifetime balance transfer rates. So, if you've racked up high balances on
another credit card with high APRs it could be a welcome relief to let
those funds cool off with Blue and pay low 3.99% interest for the life of
the balance.  Other attractive features offered by Blue include no annual fee and
generous credit limits up to $100,000. You can choose to pay as you go
with Blue or pay over time. And low interest is just the beginning with
Blue from American Express. Blue comes with an advanced internet security
chip embedded within the card that enhances secure online shopping
security. Cardmembers are also automatically enrolled in a world-class
rewards program, free of charge. Virtually all card purchases earn Blue
Points that can be redeemed for great retail, entertainment, travel and
merchandise rewards. Just charging everyday items like grocery, drug
store, restaurant and gasoline station purchases can earn great rewards.
Another innovative service available to Blue Cardmembers is Blue Play.
Blue Play is an exclusive online auction site that allows cardmembers to
bid for prizes and once in a lifetime experiences using their accumulated
Blue Points earned from card purchases. Prizes include VIP passes to movie
premiers and special event packages to sporting events.  Blue Music is yet another feature that drives extra value to cardmembers.
This service, offered through American Express' partnership with Warner
Music, provides cardmembers with discounts on CDs and music downloads
purchased with Blue. Combined with CoolBlueOffers, Blue's ongoing process
of delivering special discounts and promotions to their cardmembers, the
other unique features of Blue truly distinguish it from the pack in terms
of value. A final thing to consider before choosing a new credit card is
whether it can help you manage your financial life. American Express takes
this into account by providing a free year-end summary statement that shows
how much you've spent by merchant category. This is an invaluable resource
for helping with budgeting and can be quite helpful for tax purposes as
well. So, with Blue from American Express , feeling Blue is cause for
celebration. For more information on credit cards or related topics please
see our library of credit card articles .  Want to know more about 0% APR Credit cards? Below are articles and resources
that should be of interest to you: After the Intro – Variable vs. Fixed
Rate Credit Cards – Learn the differences in how credit card rates are
calculated and how they can change. How to use low APR credit cards to
become debt free – Tips on using 0% interest credit cards to eliminate
credit card debt.  0% APR Credit Cards – Compare leading 0% interest rate credit card offers side
by side & Apply for the card of your choice.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Feeling Blue Can be a Good Thing with American Express Blue Article
discussing how feeling blue can be a good thing with Amex Blue because of
features like 0% introductory apr, low rates for balance transfer and
rewards for the Blue Card from American Express credit card. Feeling Blue
Can be a Good Thing with American Express Blue Article discussing how
feeling blue can be a good thing with Amex Blue because of features like
0% introductory apr, low rates for balance transfer and rewards for the
Blue Card from American Express credit card. Feeling Blue Can be a Good
Thing with American Express Blue Article discussing how feeling blue can
be a good thing with Amex Blue because of features like 0% introductory
apr, low rates for balance transfer and rewards for the Blue Card from
American Express credit card. Feeling Blue Can be a Good Thing with
American Express Blue Article discussing how feeling blue can be a good
thing with Amex Blue because of features like 0% introductory apr, low
rates for balance transfer and rewards for the Blue Card from American
Express credit card. Feeling Blue Can be a Good Thing with American
Express Blue Article discussing how feeling blue can be a good thing with
Amex Blue because of features like 0% introductory apr, low rates for
balance transfer and rewards for the Blue Card from American Express
credit card.  American Express Blue Card, Blue from American Express, 0%
introductory apr, balance transfer, credit card 