    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Foreign Transaction Fees for Credit Cards – Who's
Affected? Foreign Transaction Fees for Credit Cards – Who's Affected? In
recent years, many Visa and MasterCard issuers have begun to include
foreign transaction fees for credit card purchases made beyond U.S.
borders. Why on earth would the banks choose to do this? Is it just a way
for credit card issuers to make more money? It's a natural reaction, but
not correct, given the fact that most card fees generally are levied to
offset higher costs experienced by banks and major issuers for various
types of transactions  The more specific answer concerning foreign transaction fees is that there
is simply more inherent risk involved in credit card charges that are made
overseas. Issues involving incorrect conversion of currency, merchant
charge backs, and outright fraud are significantly more common. Therefore,
the Visa and MasterCard associations, which are comprised of member banks,
have taken the position of passing these costs on to all consumers with
foreign transactions. The typical fee is a flat 3% fee based on the total
transaction, including foreign sales and value added taxes. Are the fees
here to stay? Since we have seen no indications otherwise, it appears
Officials say that the fees have been effective in offsetting their
increased costs and are probably a permanent fixture of the Visa and
MasterCard pricing policy. But there are alternatives for foreign
travelers who currently carry a Visa or MasterCard credit card. One option
is to use traveler's checks when visiting a foreign country. Another is to
use a prepaid debit card, although there may be acceptance issues relative
to credit cards. Travelers should consult the terms and conditions or card
member agreement offer their prepaid debit cards to understand potential
limitations.  Currently, Discover Card and American Express do not levy foreign
transaction fees. So, if you carry one of these credit cards, you are
probably in the clear. However, Discover Card, in particular, does not
have the level of international acceptance as Visa or MasterCard .
Therefore, if you plan on using your Discover card in a particular
country, it would be advisable to do a bit of homework in advance to make
sure that the hotels, restaurants and other places you plan to patronize
will accept the card. It might also be a good idea to have another type of
credit card in your wallet as a backup in case your primary card is not
accepted. Since American Express built its brand and reputation on
international acceptance, so travelers shouldn't have any issues with
either an American Express charge or credit card. But, as stated before,
travelers checks can be a safe bet as well. American Express can also meet
vacationer's needs in this area as well in the form with their traditional
travelers checks, as well as their recently launched travelers check card
a stored value card version of paper travelers checks .  The bottom line is that for most people, foreign travel is going to be a
bit more expensive. There are ways to avoid the majority of these fees,
however, if you play your cards right. For additional articles and tips
about credit and credit card related issues, please visit our articles
section . Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Good vs. Bad Credit Managing and
Getting Rid of Credit Card Debt Cleaning Up and Repairing Your Credit
Rating  Credit Card Debt Consolidation  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Foreign Transaction Fees for Credit Cards – Who's Effected? Article
addressing the question of who's affected by foreign transaction fees for
credit cards; fees levied by Visa and MasterCard, but not by American
Express, Discover Card or prepaid debit cards. Foreign Transaction Fees
for Credit Cards – Who's Effected? Article addressing the question of
who's affected by foreign transaction fees for credit cards; fees levied
by Visa and MasterCard, but not by American Express, Discover Card or
prepaid debit cards. Foreign Transaction Fees for Credit Cards – Who's
Effected? Article addressing the question of who's affected by foreign
transaction fees for credit cards; fees levied by Visa and MasterCard, but
not by American Express, Discover Card or prepaid debit cards. Foreign
Transaction Fees for Credit Cards – Who's Effected? Article addressing the
question of who's affected by foreign transaction fees for credit cards;
fees levied by Visa and MasterCard, but not by American Express, Discover
Card or prepaid debit cards. Foreign Transaction Fees for Credit Cards –
Who's Effected? Article addressing the question of who's affected by
foreign transaction fees for credit cards; fees levied by Visa and
MasterCard, but not by American Express, Discover Card or prepaid debit
cards.  credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard, foreign transaction
fees, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, prepaid debit cards 