Cut Your Gas Bill with Gas Rebate Credit Cards    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards  Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Prepaid
Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials Advanta  American Express Bank of America Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First
Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter  CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Cut Your Gas Bill with Gas Rebate Credit Cards Cut
Your Gas Bill with Gas Rebate Credit Cards Purchasing gasoline for your
vehicle is unavoidable. Why not get a percentage of that amount back each
month with a gas rebate credit card?  How it works... The basic idea behind gas rebate cards is that cardholders
receive a certain percentage of the amount they spend on gas each month
back in the form of a credit applied to their bill. It works similarly to
a cashback rebate credit card with one notable exception: the gas rebate
is often applied each month, whereas most cashback cards send out rebate
checks once a year. This makes the savings easier to see for most
consumers. The rebate percentage a card member earns varies by offer from
1 &ndash; 6 percent, but the average is 3 percent. Many gas credit cards
offer a higher introductory rate such as 6% which reduces over time to a
lower amount. The best ones also offer features such as online account
access and rebates for general purchases. Most major gas companies offer
brand-specific gas rebate cards, which may only be used at their
locations. This is fine for customers who frequent a particular gas
company often, but can be inconvenient for those who shop around for the
best gas prices, and can be downright harrowing for someone searching for
the right gas station on an empty tank. Recently, however, many general
purpose credit cards began offering gas rebate rewards that can be
accumulated with any gas purchase, from any company. Most of these cards
offer a gas rebate percentage, as well as a lower rebate percentage for
general purchases. For example, some gas reward cards offer a 3% rebate on
any gas purchases, and 1-2% back on any other purchases made with that
card. These types of credit cards are often more attractive to the
consumer trying to cut down on the number of credit card accounts.  The rebates are usually issued at the end of each billing cycle in the form
of a credit to the cardholder s account. Sometimes, the rebate is delivered
as a type of gift card for a specific vendor, gasoline or otherwise. The
applicant should research the type of rebate given before applying, to
make sure the rebate is appropriate to his or her needs. Other factors to
consider... Some gas rebate credit cards have other restrictions as well.
For instance, a few programs allow a rebate to be earned only through
pay-at-the-pump transactions, and not those at the inside counter. Others
limit the total annual rebate amount $300 is a common limit . Fortunately,
most gas reward credit cards do not require annual fees. The consumer
should be aware, however, that the interest rates on gas rebate cards are
often higher than a typical general use credit card. Consumers who carry a
balance from month to month rather than paying off the account completely
each month might be interested in other types of credit cards. Still,
especially when prices at the pump are high, a gas rebate card is an
attractive option for many consumers.  Before making any decision that could impact your credit, consult with a
financial advisor or accountant. However, a gas credit cards may be one
way to help you maintain a good credit history and provide you with the
buying power that you need. For other credit and credit card related
articles, please visit our library of articles . Additional Resources
Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards Glossary of Credit Card
Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts Choosing the Right Credit Card
for You  Limiting Your Financial Loss  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Cut Your Gas Bill with Gas Rebate Credit Cards A review of how to cut your
gas bill with gas rebate credit cards - how a gas rebate credit card works
like a cash back credit card but shows how a gas rebate is applied to the
cardholder statement each month unlike cashback cards with rebate checks;
rebate percentage for gas credit cards and introductory rate differences;
rebates provided through a gift card on some gas reward credit cards; gas
credit cards require good credit history, for credit card related articles
visit our library of articles Cut Your Gas Bill with Gas Rebate Credit
Cards A review of how to cut your gas bill with gas rebate credit cards -
how a gas rebate credit card works like a cash back credit card but shows
how a gas rebate is applied to the cardholder statement each month unlike
cashback cards with rebate checks; rebate percentage for gas credit cards
and introductory rate differences; rebates provided through a gift card on
some gas reward credit cards; gas credit cards require good credit history,
for credit card related articles visit our library of articles Cut Your Gas
Bill with Gas Rebate Credit Cards A review of how to cut your gas bill with
gas rebate credit cards - how a gas rebate credit card works like a cash
back credit card but shows how a gas rebate is applied to the cardholder
statement each month unlike cashback cards with rebate checks; rebate
percentage for gas credit cards and introductory rate differences; rebates
provided through a gift card on some gas reward credit cards; gas credit
cards require good credit history, for credit card related articles visit
our library of articles Cut Your Gas Bill with Gas Rebate Credit Cards A
review of how to cut your gas bill with gas rebate credit cards - how a
gas rebate credit card works like a cash back credit card but shows how a
gas rebate is applied to the cardholder statement each month unlike
cashback cards with rebate checks; rebate percentage for gas credit cards
and introductory rate differences; rebates provided through a gift card on
some gas reward credit cards; gas credit cards require good credit history,
for credit card related articles visit our library of articles Cut Your Gas
Bill with Gas Rebate Credit Cards A review of how to cut your gas bill with
gas rebate credit cards - how a gas rebate credit card works like a cash
back credit card but shows how a gas rebate is applied to the cardholder
statement each month unlike cashback cards with rebate checks; rebate
percentage for gas credit cards and introductory rate differences; rebates
provided through a gift card on some gas reward credit cards; gas credit
cards require good credit history, for credit card related articles visit
our library of articles  gas rebate credit cards, cash back credit card,
gasoline rebate 