  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Gen P: The Plastic Generation Gen P: The Plastic
Generation Use of credit cards and debit cards for payments has been
growing every year since these convenient products were introduced in the
1950's and 1960's. However, it wasn't until recent years that the future
of cash and checks for payments has seemed threatened and has become a
smaller piece of the overall payments pie. And, with people in their teens
and early 20's, the payment trend has become predominantly plasticized.  It seems that this latest generation that is coming of age has grown up
with not only video games and computers, but also credit cards and debit
cards. Instead of their parents giving them cash for their allowance, many
teens had access to re-loadable prepaid debit cards. Others have had their
own credit cards starting out in high school and have become accustomed to
the convenience afforded by not having to carry cash or write out checks.
This new generation, occasionally dubbed Gen P for its heavy reliance on
plastic, is probably less patient than those that came before. But, this
is understandable given the fact they are used to very fast-paced virtual
and real world experiences. Blame it on the ubiquitous Game Boys and
X-Boxes, with which they have wiled away thousands of hours, honing
lightning reflexes. Add to this frenetic lifestyle the fact that much of
their information and communications come in the form of instant messaging
on their cell phones.  Recent statistics show that Gen P makes well over 50% of its collective
payments using credit cards and debit cards. Many express frustration at
anachronistic merchants that do not accept credit cards, and often pass
them by in favor of those that accept more convenient payment options.
Credit card use and abuse by high school and college students in recent
years has been a source of media attention. And, while the use of plastic
has added tremendous convenience to everyone's lives, this emerging group
will need to reign in their spending habits if they are to avoid long term
credit card debt. They will find, as their parents have, that eliminating
credit card debt is essential for long-term financial health. Since Gen P
is now moving into the adult world and is somewhat of an echo boom of the
baby boom generation, the long-term impact of its payment behavior could
literally change the world. The much ballyhooed cashless society may be
coming later than many pundits predicted, but it appears to be coming
nonetheless.  It begs the question of how this generation, when they have their own
offspring, will be able to teach their kids the value of a dollar.
Hopefully, this idea will transcend actual paper currency and translate
into meaningful units of credit card or debit card value to the children
of tomorrow. For more information on credit cards and related topics
please see our library of articles .  Want to know more about high school and college student credit cards? Below
are articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Earn Extra
Credit with a Rewards Student Credit Card &ndash; Not so long ago, it was
virtually impossible for a young person without a solid credit history and
employment record to qualify for a new credit card. Comparing Student
Credit Cards vs. Debit Cards &ndash; Discussion of the relative advantages
of both credit and debit cards for students. Student Credit Card Offers
&ndash; Compare leading student credit cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Gen P: The Plastic Generation Article describing how Gen P is the plastic
generation because of their heavy reliance on plastic cards instead of
cash and checks for everyday payments, especially credit cards, bank debit
cards and prepaid debit cards. Gen P: The Plastic Generation Article
describing how Gen P is the plastic generation because of their heavy
reliance on plastic cards instead of cash and checks for everyday
payments, especially credit cards, bank debit cards and prepaid debit
cards. Gen P: The Plastic Generation Article describing how Gen P is the
plastic generation because of their heavy reliance on plastic cards
instead of cash and checks for everyday payments, especially credit cards,
bank debit cards and prepaid debit cards. Gen P: The Plastic Generation
Article describing how Gen P is the plastic generation because of their
heavy reliance on plastic cards instead of cash and checks for everyday
payments, especially credit cards, bank debit cards and prepaid debit
cards. Gen P: The Plastic Generation Article describing how Gen P is the
plastic generation because of their heavy reliance on plastic cards
instead of cash and checks for everyday payments, especially credit cards,
bank debit cards and prepaid debit cards.  credit cards, debit cards,
prepaid debit cards, payments 