    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers?
Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers? If you have filed for
bankruptcy in the last few years and still find yourself getting new
credit card offers in the mail, you aren't alone. It seems that credit
card issuers either don't care or aren't aware of many consumers' credit
situations. Well, in most cases, it is probably the latter situation.  The vast majority of credit card issuers, particularly the largest ones,
are fairly biased towards those with superior credit. However, there are a
few banks and issuers that specialize in providing credit to those with
damaged credit or little credit history. But how does this explain the
bulging mailboxes of those who have defaulted on previous credit card debt
or declared outright bankruptcy? Basically, it boils down to targeting.
And, this targeting can be intentional or faulty. To understand how banks
and other large financial institutions choose to whom they mail
solicitations, you must first look at how they have traditionally made
their money. Credit card issuers have pretty sound business models, which
began many years ago by charging 18% interest rates and $20 annual fees to
carry their cards. They also made a steady stream of income from major
retailers and restaurants that accepted their cards by charging a small
fee for each transaction.  Back in the day when these old rules applied, credit card issuers were
extremely picky about whom they approved for credit. They simply weren't
willing to absorb very much loss from cardholders that didn't pay back
what was owed. And, the credit card issuers enjoyed pretty high profit
margins in the 1980's and 1990's as a result. In the early 1990's,
however, the credit card issuers acquired the ability to make individual
credit decisions based on very detailed credit history information. This
information became available through the advent of national credit bureaus
like Equifax, Experian and TransUnion. And, it wasn't just the availability
of the credit information, but rather the almost instantaneous nature of
the data, that made mass individual credit decision making possible. So,
with all this detailed and instant information at lenders fingertips, why
do they seemingly send solicitations to everyone including the bankrupt ?
Well, this targeting data isn't free and many issuers find it more cost
effective to blanket the nation in direct mail and then pull a credit
report on those that actually go to the effort to apply. But, what if the
offer you received says you're pre-approved up to a high credit limit
amount? If you read the fine print the issuer reserves the right to deny
credit if you don't pass their credit quality thresholds upon further
review.  The bottom line for those with bad credit or a bankruptcy on file is to
avoid the temptation to apply for one of these enticing offers in the
mail. That's because it most likely will result in a denial, hurt feelings
and confusion. It is probably a better strategy to begin rebuilding a solid
credit history with a new credit card that is specifically designed for
those with bad credit. First Premier Bank and HSBC offer excellent
products to service this market and its special credit needs. For those
who wish to avoid the entire temptation of a credit card can opt for a
prepaid debit card , that is accepted everywhere that accepts Visa or
MasterCard credit cards. The only difference is that prepaid debit cards
are funded ahead of time and act like stored value cards. These can enable
students, the bankrupt and those without bank accounts to enjoy the
convenience of paying for purchases even those made online with a plastic
payment card. And, with cards such as the Eufora MasterCard , cardholders
can build a credit history since card payments are reported to the credit
bureaus.  Access to credit and debit cards is an important convenience in American
life. And if your credit situation prevents you from getting approved for
most credit cards even those that show up in your mailbox you shouldn't
despair. There are always options. For more information on credit cards or
related topics please see our library of articles . Additional Resources
Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards Glossary of Credit Card
Terms Good vs. Bad Credit  Managing and Getting Rid of Credit Card Debt Cleaning Up and Repairing Your
Credit Rating Credit Card Debt Consolidation  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers? Article for people who are
bankrupt and still getting credit card offers; how bankruptcy and damaged
credit doesn't always stop credit card solicitations but there are options
for appropriate cards from First Premier Bank, HSBC and Eufora MasterCard.
Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers? Article for people who are
bankrupt and still getting credit card offers; how bankruptcy and damaged
credit doesn't always stop credit card solicitations but there are options
for appropriate cards from First Premier Bank, HSBC and Eufora MasterCard.
Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers? Article for people who are
bankrupt and still getting credit card offers; how bankruptcy and damaged
credit doesn't always stop credit card solicitations but there are options
for appropriate cards from First Premier Bank, HSBC and Eufora MasterCard.
Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers? Article for people who are
bankrupt and still getting credit card offers; how bankruptcy and damaged
credit doesn't always stop credit card solicitations but there are options
for appropriate cards from First Premier Bank, HSBC and Eufora MasterCard.
Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers? Article for people who are
bankrupt and still getting credit card offers; how bankruptcy and damaged
credit doesn't always stop credit card solicitations but there are options
for appropriate cards from First Premier Bank, HSBC and Eufora MasterCard. 
bankrupt, credit card, credit card offers, bankruptcy, damaged credit,
First Premier Bank, HSBC, Eufora MasterCard 