Good vs. Bad Credit: Why Is This Important?    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Good vs. Bad Credit Good vs. Bad Credit: Why Is This
Important? There are a lot of misconceptions, even outright lies,
regarding credit, especially in terms of what determines good and bad
credit. Currently, television is full of commercials for debt
consolidation companies and credit counselors. Daytime talk shows abound
whose premise surrounds people who have gone bankrupt by using credit
cards. Many of these stories are extreme examples of what can happen to
people with bad credit, but they still do not answer the million-dollar
question: What is the difference between good vs. bad credit?  Good Credit Credit, especially good credit, is very important. It affects
almost every major buying decision in our lives. Good credit can help us
get a good rate on a car loan or home mortgage. It can also help us when
it comes time to sign an apartment lease agreement or maybe even get a new
job. But how do you get good credit? Getting Good Credit - This may sound
odd, but to get good credit, you have to have credit. This is not as
confusing as it seems. Good credit ratings are gained when you borrow
money from a financial group, such as a bank or credit card company, and
pay it back on time and for the full amount. For example, let s say you
have a credit card from a gas station that you use only for gas because
you don t carry a lot of cash around. Each time you go to the station, you
use your card to fill up your car. In so doing, you are promising to pay
the credit card company back when you get their statement. When the
statement arrives each month, you pay off the amount owed on time. The gas
company that issued your card then reports to a credit bureau that you have
paid on time and for the right amount. The more good reports that go to the
credit bureau, the better your credit.  Benefits of Good Credit - Having a good credit report enables you to borrow
more money at better interest rates. Why? Because the banks know that based
on your credit history you are a responsible person. Many potential
employers also look at credit reports as a way to judge a person s
responsibility. Hence, your good credit may even help you land a new job.
Bad Credit There is nothing good about bad credit. It is the exact
opposite of good credit. While good credit helps you qualify for car and
home mortgage loans, bad credit could keep you from being able to buy
these large-dollar items. It will also keep you from qualifying for credit
cards and may possibly hinder your ability to rent a house or apartment.
Getting Bad Credit - It is very easy to get bad credit. Bad credit ratings
happen when a person does not pay back money borrowed on time or when that
person simply doesn t pay it back at all. There are varying degrees of bad
credit. A person is not automatically given a bad credit rating if he
misses a payment or is late a time or two. However, if a person is
continually late or he does not make a payment for several months, his
credit rating will be affected and could possible hurt him in the future.  Fixing Bad Credit - Credit ratings, even bad ones, can be improved and
fixed. Depending on the situation, with responsible credit usage and
prompt payments, bad credit can turn into good credit over time. The first
step is to understand what your credit rating is by pulling your credit
report. Credit reports are available through one of the three major US
credit bureaus: Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion. Understanding your
credit report will help you determine if there are errors. It will also
make you aware of what steps you need to take to improve your credit.
Credit is a necessary part of our society. While good credit will help a
person improve his quality of life, bad credit can hinder his ability to
do so. If you have concerns about understanding your specific credit
situation, talk to a financial or tax advisor to help you take the next
step and work towards getting and keeping good credit. For other credit
and credit card related articles, please visit our library of articles .  Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards Glossary
of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts Protecting Your
Credit Card Choosing the Right Credit Card for You Managing and Getting
Rid of Credit Card Debt    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Good vs. Bad Credit: Why Is This Important? What is good vs. bad credit and
why is this important - issues discussed involving debt consolidation for
credit cards; how bad credit differs from good credit ratings and how
credit card history affects credit reports with the three major credit
bureaus Experian, Equifax and TransUnion  Good vs. Bad Credit: Why Is This
Important? What is good vs. bad credit and why is this important - issues
discussed involving debt consolidation for credit cards; how bad credit
differs from good credit ratings and how credit card history affects
credit reports with the three major credit bureaus Experian, Equifax and
TransUnion  Good vs. Bad Credit: Why Is This Important? What is good vs.
bad credit and why is this important - issues discussed involving debt
consolidation for credit cards; how bad credit differs from good credit
ratings and how credit card history affects credit reports with the three
major credit bureaus Experian, Equifax and TransUnion  Good vs. Bad
Credit: Why Is This Important? What is good vs. bad credit and why is this
important - issues discussed involving debt consolidation for credit cards;
how bad credit differs from good credit ratings and how credit card history
affects credit reports with the three major credit bureaus Experian,
Equifax and TransUnion  Good vs. Bad Credit: Why Is This Important? What
is good vs. bad credit and why is this important - issues discussed
involving debt consolidation for credit cards; how bad credit differs from
good credit ratings and how credit card history affects credit reports with
the three major credit bureaus Experian, Equifax and TransUnion   bad
credit, debt consolidation, good credit ratings, credit history, credit
reports, credit bureaus, Experian, Equifax, TransUnion 