A Brief History of Credit Cards    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards Articles A Brief
History of Credit Cards  A Brief History of Credit Cards Credit cards, as we know them today, have
been around for just over half of a century. One of the first credit cards
appeared in 1951 when loan customers of Franklin National Bank of New York
were screened for credit and those approved were given a card they could
use to make retail purchases. Participating merchants copied the customer
information from the card onto a sales slip and the bank would credit the
merchant account for the loan less a flat fee to cover the costs of
providing the loan. In 1958, The American Express Company a company built
on the traveler's cheque business began issuing a charge card for travel
and entertainment charges which was accepted at participating restaurant,
hotel and airline merchants. Cardholders enjoyed the convenience of
plastic charge cards especially when on the road for business as well as
the line of credit offered by the new bank credit cards. Merchants found
that credit card customers usually spent more than if they had to pay with
cash which is still true today – the average credit card purchase is 112%
more than if cash is used . Accepting bank-issued cards was safer for the
merchant than dealing with cash more secure from internal and external
theft and error and less expensive than creating and maintaining a
merchant-specific credit program.  Bankcard Associations In 1959, Bank of America began issuing the
BankAmericard within California, which was the first universal credit card
with widespread merchant acceptance. Bank card associations began in 1966
when Bank of America formed licensing agreements with other banks. This
enabled them to issue credit cards on a widespread basis and settle
transactions among participating banks. Also in 1966, a group of 14 US
banks formed Interlink, a new bankcard processing association with the
ability to exchange information on credit card transactions. In 1967, four
California banks formed the Western States Bankcard Association and
introduced the MasterCharge program which was later renamed MasterCard in
1979 to compete with the BankAmericard later renamed Visa in 1976 program.
VISA and MasterCard are organizations that both issue credit cards through
member banks and set and maintain the rules for processing. They are both
run by board members who are mostly high-level executives from their
member banking organizations.  As the bankcard industry grew, banks interested in issuing cards became
members of either the Visa Association or MasterCard Association. Their
members shared card program costs, making the bankcard program available
to even small financial institutions. Later, changes to the Association
bylaws allowed banks to belong to both Associations and issue both types
of cards to their customers. Credit Card Processing Evolves As credit card
processing became more complicated, outside service companies began to sell
processing services to VISA and MasterCard association members. This
reduced the cost of programs for banks to issue cards, pay merchants and
settle accounts with cardholders, thus allowing greater expansion of the
payments industry. Visa and MasterCard developed rules and standardized
procedures for handling the bankcard paper flow in order to reduce fraud
and misuse of cards. The two associations also created international
processing systems to handle the exchange of money and information and
established an arbitration procedure to settle disputes between members.  Other Issuers Join the Party As mentioned earlier, American Express was
among the first companies to issue a charge card. However, it waited until
1987 before issuing a credit card that allowed customers to pay over time.
Their original business model focused on the travel and entertainment
charges made by business people, which involved significant revenue from
merchants and annual membership fees from customers. While these products
are still in their tool chest, they have also developed numerous no-annual
fee credit card products offering the same low introductory rates and
reward programs as traditional bank cards. Another relatively recent entry
into the card business is Discover Card, originally part of the Sears
Corporation. Discover Card Services sought to create a new brand with its
own merchant network. The company has been quite successful at developing
merchant acceptance, surpassing even Visa in worldwide acceptance
locations. A 2004 antitrust court ruling against Visa and MasterCard
initiated by American Express, Discover and retailing giant Walmart have
changed the exclusive relationship that Visa and MasterCard have enjoyed
with Banks. Going forward banks and other credit card issuers will be able
to provide customers with an American Express or Discover Card in addition
to a Visa or MasterCard. While the bankcard associations have dominated
the card business in the past several decades the tide may be turning with
the new court rulings.  The credit card has evolved significantly in the past half century and will
continue to change with technology as new frontiers in payments develop.
What will the payments landscape look like in another 50 years? Only time
will tell. For additional articles and tips about credit and credit card
related issues, please visit our articles section. Related credit card
topics highlighting the basics of credit cards and helpful tips on how to
handle your credit card:  Credit Cards 101 – What are Credit Cards? &ndash; An overview of credit
card basics and a discussion of how to establish credit. Tips for Credit
Cards &ndash; Useful tips and suggestions about credit cards and the many
advantages to having a credit card. Choosing the Right Credit Card for You
&ndash; Advice on choosing the right credit card, applying for and finding
the credit card that is best for you.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  A Brief History of Credit Cards history of credit cards including the first
general use credit card and the first charge card from American Express and
later versions that allowed people to pay over time; the formation of
bankcard associations in 1959 by Bank of America and BankAmericard later
renamed Visa and related formation of MasterCard; competition from
Discover Card A Brief History of Credit Cards history of credit cards
including the first general use credit card and the first charge card from
American Express and later versions that allowed people to pay over time;
the formation of bankcard associations in 1959 by Bank of America and
BankAmericard later renamed Visa and related formation of MasterCard;
competition from Discover Card A Brief History of Credit Cards history of
credit cards including the first general use credit card and the first
charge card from American Express and later versions that allowed people
to pay over time; the formation of bankcard associations in 1959 by Bank
of America and BankAmericard later renamed Visa and related formation of
MasterCard; competition from Discover Card A Brief History of Credit Cards
history of credit cards including the first general use credit card and the
first charge card from American Express and later versions that allowed
people to pay over time; the formation of bankcard associations in 1959 by
Bank of America and BankAmericard later renamed Visa and related formation
of MasterCard; competition from Discover Card A Brief History of Credit
Cards history of credit cards including the first general use credit card
and the first charge card from American Express and later versions that
allowed people to pay over time; the formation of bankcard associations in
1959 by Bank of America and BankAmericard later renamed Visa and related
formation of MasterCard; competition from Discover Card  history of credit
cards, credit card, American Express, charge cards, Bank of America,
MasterCard, Visa, Discover Card 