  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards News Holiday
Savings – American Express Card Members Get It Holiday Savings – American
Express Card Members Get It This holiday season, American Express is
offering their card members extraordinary savings at leading national
merchants across the country. If a new credit card is in order for your
holidays, you may want to quickly consider one of the compelling offers in
our American Express card section .  This seasonal offer runs from November 1 through December 31, 2005 and
provides all American Express card members with hundreds of holiday
offers, regardless of whether they carry a consumer or business card. And,
these offers are on top of existing reward programs and other features
provided by various American Express credit cards. Some examples of the
savings consumers can expect are listed below: Ann Taylor: 15% off total
purchase Bombay: $20 off purchases over $100 eToys: $15 off one order of
$150 or more Panasonic Direct: 15% off total purchase As you can see,
American Express is actively engaged with its extensive merchant network
in driving extra value to its card members. If you don't already have an
American Express credit card , it's not too late. Shop and compare offers
here and apply securely online to begin taking advantage of these holiday
offers.  Want more news about reward credit cards? Below are news articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: The New Chase Love the Double
Promotion Could Have You Seeing Double &ndash; Article detailing the new
Love the Double reward promotion by Chase Credit Card Services where
cardholders of their credit cards can earn double rewards.  How To Determine Which Reward Credit Card Is For You &ndash; Helpful ways
to figure out the best type of reward credit card program for your needs.
Reward Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading Reward Cards side by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Holiday Savings – American Express Card Members Get It news story about
holiday savings and how American Express card members get it with the
seasonal promotion. Holiday Savings – American Express Card Members Get It
news story about holiday savings and how American Express card members get
it with the seasonal promotion. Holiday Savings – American Express Card
Members Get It news story about holiday savings and how American Express
card members get it with the seasonal promotion. Holiday Savings –
American Express Card Members Get It news story about holiday savings and
how American Express card members get it with the seasonal promotion.
Holiday Savings – American Express Card Members Get It news story about
holiday savings and how American Express card members get it with the
seasonal promotion.  American express, credit card, holiday offers,
American express credit cards 