  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles How Cash Back Credit Cards Work How Cash Back Credit
Cards Work Cash back credit card programs have been around for about 15
years and are as popular as ever. While three out of four credit card
users are more interested in low or 0% APR, cash back reward programs
offer a very solid value to those who pay off their balances every month
and don't require a super-low interest rate.  Cash back reward programs started out rather simply, offering a flat
percentage rate typically 1% of purchases rebated back to the customer in
the form of a check at the end of the year or a statement credit. The
economics of these offers forced many banks to dilute the real value with
tiered earning structures which paid a fraction of 1% for purchases below
a very high dollar threshold such as $2,500 per month. This structure is
quite common among many of the issuers cash back reward programs but there
continue to be some notable standouts that shine in terms of generous
earning opportunities and simplicity. For example the Citi Dividend
Rewards MasterCard program pays a flat 5% on all grocery, gasoline and
drug store purchases and a full 1% on all other purchases, regardless of
spending amount.  With the case of the simpler programs the bank merely calculates the flat
rate against all spending or different rates for certain category
purchases, as with the Citi Dividend Rewards MasterCard and prints the
earned amount on each month's billing statement. Once the amount reaches
$100 the cardmember can call to order a check. The more complex programs
can be confusing since the banks rarely show which purchase amounts earned
cash back at which tiered rates. A single earned amount is generally
reported on statements or is available upon request to their customer
service department. The more common theme seems to be the requirement for
the cardmember to order their reward check rather than it being
automatically mailed, as was the case in previous years. This requirement
generates what is know as breakage in industry parlance and means
increased profits when consumers fail to collect their earned rewards.
Bottom line is that cash back credit programs involve three basic
components - a percentage earned on purchases, spending in certain
categories sometimes being rewarded at higher rates and the method by
which rewards are delivered to the customer.  Want to know more about cash back credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How To Compare Cash Back
Credit Card Offers – Things to look for when shopping for a cash back
credit card to ensure you get the best deal. Cash Back vs. Reward Credit
Cards – A comparison of cash back and reward credit card benefits.  Cash Back Credit Cards – Compare leading Cash Back credit card offers side
by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  How Cash Back Credit Cards Work An explanation of how cash back credit
cards work; overview of flat and tiered earning rate structures for cash
back credit cards, three components – percentage cash back, where extra
cash can be earned and how reward is delivered. How Cash Back Credit Cards
Work An explanation of how cash back credit cards work; overview of flat
and tiered earning rate structures for cash back credit cards, three
components – percentage cash back, where extra cash can be earned and how
reward is delivered. How Cash Back Credit Cards Work An explanation of how
cash back credit cards work; overview of flat and tiered earning rate
structures for cash back credit cards, three components – percentage cash
back, where extra cash can be earned and how reward is delivered. How Cash
Back Credit Cards Work An explanation of how cash back credit cards work;
overview of flat and tiered earning rate structures for cash back credit
cards, three components – percentage cash back, where extra cash can be
earned and how reward is delivered. How Cash Back Credit Cards Work An
explanation of how cash back credit cards work; overview of flat and
tiered earning rate structures for cash back credit cards, three
components – percentage cash back, where extra cash can be earned and how
reward is delivered.  Cash Back Credit Cards, Citibank Dividend Rewards
MasterCard, Cash Back Credit Card Offers 