    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ From Bank Debit and
ATM Cards? How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ From Bank Debit and ATM Cards?
When banks first began issuing ATM cards in the 1970's debit cards had very
limited utility – unlike their counterparts, credit cards, which could be
used almost anywhere. Consumers could only withdraw cash from the
automatic teller machines – usually on premises at their bank. Later came
other functions such as checking bank balances, transferring money between
accounts and depositing funds after hours. Bank debit cards have always
required the use of a personal identification number PIN to access funds
or perform other transactions. Certain merchants began accepting debit
cards for point of sale transactions in the late 1980's, notably
supermarkets, convenience stores and gasoline retailers. These
transactions still required the input of a PIN via a keypad used by the
consumer. The settlement process involves transferring cash from the
individual's checking account to the merchant's account.  The debit card world changed dramatically when Visa and MasterCard credit
card associations entered the arena and teamed up with banks to issue bank
debit cards and prepaid debit cards with the Visa and MasterCard logo. This
allowed PIN-less debit card transactions to occur and provided worldwide
acceptability to debit cards as with Visa and MasterCard credit cards.
Visa and MasterCard had figured out a way to make money from merchants
when consumers paid for goods and services through their checking account.
Consumers were happy because they could have much of the utility of a
credit card without having to worry about going into debt although it
required discipline to write down the charges to keep the checking account
balanced . And lastly, merchants were happy because they could avoid
dealing with losses from bad checks – by paying a percentage fee for each
sale to the card associations.  Bank Debit also known as check cards and Prepaid debit cards differ from
bank ATM cards in that they do not require use of a PIN to access funds,
unless the customer is using an ATM to withdraw cash. A prepaid debit card
also has a credit line equal to the amount on deposit with the card
company, so it is a pre-funded credit line rather than a borrowed credit
line. Debit cards draw funds from a bank checking account and prepaid
credit cards draw funds from the money loaded onto the card before hand. A
good example of a popular prepaid credit or debit card is the Vaya
MasterCard card, which has worldwide acceptance and can be initially
funded and reloaded online or over the phone with a credit line. Prepaid
Debit cards carry the Visa or MasterCard logo and are accepted worldwide
as with normal credit cards. These cards are a good option for those with
insufficient credit history or impaired credit because they do not require
a credit bureau check to be approved. The traditional un-banked populations
in the United States have proven to be a tremendous growth area for these
products and should continue to fuel growth over the next decade.  Want to know more about prepaid debit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: What Are The Pro s and Con s
of Prepaid Debit Cards - The relative benefits and limitations of prepaid
debit cards. New Technology Features Offered for Prepaid Debit Cards
&ndash; The latest innovations for prepaid debit cards.  Prepaid Debit Cards &ndash; Compare leading prepaid debit card offers side
by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ from Bank Debit and ATM Cards? Discussion
of differences between prepaid debit cards, bank debit cards and bank ATM
cards; Visa and MasterCard involvement to increase usage and merchant
acceptance; example of the Vaya Prepaid MasterCard, to see leading offers
visit prepaid debit card section. How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ from
Bank Debit and ATM Cards? Discussion of differences between prepaid debit
cards, bank debit cards and bank ATM cards; Visa and MasterCard
involvement to increase usage and merchant acceptance; example of the Vaya
Prepaid MasterCard, to see leading offers visit prepaid debit card section.
How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ from Bank Debit and ATM Cards? Discussion
of differences between prepaid debit cards, bank debit cards and bank ATM
cards; Visa and MasterCard involvement to increase usage and merchant
acceptance; example of the Vaya Prepaid MasterCard, to see leading offers
visit prepaid debit card section. How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ from
Bank Debit and ATM Cards? Discussion of differences between prepaid debit
cards, bank debit cards and bank ATM cards; Visa and MasterCard
involvement to increase usage and merchant acceptance; example of the Vaya
Prepaid MasterCard, to see leading offers visit prepaid debit card section.
How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ from Bank Debit and ATM Cards? Discussion
of differences between prepaid debit cards, bank debit cards and bank ATM
cards; Visa and MasterCard involvement to increase usage and merchant
acceptance; example of the Vaya Prepaid MasterCard, to see leading offers
visit prepaid debit card section.  Prepaid Debit Cards, credit cards,
debit card, Visa, MasterCard, prepaid debit card 