  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles How to Opt Out of Mail, Email and Telemarketing
Solicitations How to Opt Out of Mail, Email and Telemarketing
Solicitations Many people are frustrated by the amount of junk mail they
receive each year the national average is over 50 pieces of mail from
credit card companies alone . And, telemarketing calls can be especially
intrusive and annoying. But there are ways to get off of these marketing
lists on a permanent basis. Listed below are links and information on some
of the more popular and effective ways consumers can access to unsubscribe
or opt out from unwanted telemarketing calls and mailings and protect
their privacy.  Telemarketing calls Register your home and cell phone numbers with the
National Do Not Call Registry to cut down on telemarketing calls. This is
for consumers only, not businesses. It's not completely foolproof,
however. There are still some organizations that are allowed to call
registered numbers, and most local marketers are not restricted either.
Everything you need to know is explained on the Web site. The registration
and verification process is easy. The online registration process requires
an active e-mail address. If you register online, the Federal Trade
Commission will send you an e-mail message with a link in it. Click on the
link in the e-mail within 72 hours to finalize your registration. If you do
not have an e-mail address, you can register by phone 888-382-1222 .  Credit Card and other types of direct mail offers Stop the credit bureaus
-- Experian, TransUnion and Equifax -- from selling your name to mailing
lists. This will cut down on the number of pre-approved credit offers that
you receive. Contact them directly online or toll-free at the addresses
listed below: Equifax, P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241; 800
685-1111 Experian , P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013; 888 EXPERIAN 397-3742
Trans Union, P.O. Box 1000, Chester, PA 19022; 800 916-8800 To opt-out
online go to www.optoutprescreen.com or call 888-5OPTOUT 888-567-8688 .
Other types of junk mail The Direct Marketing Association is a trade
association of businesses that advertise their products and services
directly to consumers by mail, telephone, magazine, Internet, radio or
television, according to its website www.thedma.org/consumers . The DMA
maintains a database of consumers who want to curtail unsolicited mail.
The catch is that only DMA members must abide by the pledge to take your
name off their lists. Take note that while you can opt out by mail for
free, opting out online will cost you $5.  E-mail Junkmail Read advice from the Federal Trade Commission
www.ftc.gov/consumers for reducing the spam that clogs your e-mail
account. There are links that let you report spam if your request isn't
honored, and there are tips to avoid becoming a victim of e-mail scams.
Restricting financial institutions from sharing your personal information
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act lets you tell your financial institution not to
share your personal information with third parties. It's a relatively
toothless law. The bank can still share plenty of your information with
its affiliates that, these days, can be dozens of companies. And it can
even share information with third parties if there's a marketing agreement
between the two companies. Nevertheless, it's a good idea to take the time
to opt-out if you are not interested in receiving solicitations for these
ancillary services. Unfortunately, there's no quick way to opt-out with
all of the financial institutions with whom you do business. You must sign
up with each one individually. The law states that you must be given
opt-out information when you open an account, and you must receive notice
annually of your right to opt out. But you can opt out any time by
visiting the bank's internet website and clicking on their privacy policy
link. Many banks and credit card companies will also let you opt-out by
phone, or you can contact them and request an opt-out form be mailed to
you.  For additional articles and tips about credit and credit card related
issues, please visit our articles section. Related credit card topics
highlighting credit card account management and advice on how to protect
your credit card: Protecting Your Credit Card &ndash; Specific advice on
how to keep general use credit cards like Visa safe and secure.  Limiting Your Financial Loss &ndash; Learn how to limit you financial loss
if a credit card goes missing. Phishing – What it means and how to prevent
it &ndash; Article describing what Phishing means and how you can prevent
being a victim of identity theft when receiving emails or calls requesting
personal information about a credit card.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  How to Opt Out of Mail, Email and Telemarketing Solicitations Tips on how
to opt out of mail, email and telemarketing solicitations, how to stop
junk mail, unsubscribe from unwanted telemarketing calls and sign up for
the national do not call registry. How to Opt Out of Mail, Email and
Telemarketing Solicitations Tips on how to opt out of mail, email and
telemarketing solicitations, how to stop junk mail, unsubscribe from
unwanted telemarketing calls and sign up for the national do not call
registry. How to Opt Out of Mail, Email and Telemarketing Solicitations
Tips on how to opt out of mail, email and telemarketing solicitations, how
to stop junk mail, unsubscribe from unwanted telemarketing calls and sign
up for the national do not call registry. How to Opt Out of Mail, Email
and Telemarketing Solicitations Tips on how to opt out of mail, email and
telemarketing solicitations, how to stop junk mail, unsubscribe from
unwanted telemarketing calls and sign up for the national do not call
registry. How to Opt Out of Mail, Email and Telemarketing Solicitations
Tips on how to opt out of mail, email and telemarketing solicitations, how
to stop junk mail, unsubscribe from unwanted telemarketing calls and sign
up for the national do not call registry.  Opt out, junk mail, credit
card, unwanted telemarketing calls, unsubscribe, national do not call
registry 