    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Identity Theft – Protect Yourself with Watch-Guard
Identity Theft – Protect Yourself with Watch-Guard The crime of identity
theft has been growing in lockstep with growth of the internet and is
creating a well-deserved sense of caution among American consumers. But
how can a person live in the modern age and not become a victim? There are
a number of steps to take to dramatically lower your chances of becoming a
victim beyond living in a cave and shredding every piece of paper you own,
and lessen the damage if you happen to become a victim. In particular,
Citibank has begun offering new services tailored to the needs of today's
cautious credit cardholder with a program called Watch-Guard Premier .
Watch-Guard Premier consists of three key elements: Total Wallet
Protection, ID Theft Protection and Purchase Protection.  Total Wallet Protection If you ever find yourself a victim of credit card
loss or ID theft, Citi's Watch-Guard Premier's Total Wallet Protection
provides the immediate loss assistance you'll need, plus the resources to
monitor your credit for any potential future fraud. One-step Notification
for Lost or Stolen Credit Cards — Just make a single phone call to Citi's
toll free number, 1-866-494-6404, and they will cancel and request
replacements for all the cards in your wallet. Immediate Credit Monitoring
on all of your cards that were lost or stolen Replacement Assistance for
Social Security & Driver's License Emergency Cash — Citi can arrange to
send you up to $500 if you are at least 100 miles away from home and have
reported your cards lost or stolen.  Card Theft Reward — Citi will pay a $1,000 reward for information leading
to the arrest and conviction of the person who stole your credit cards.
ATMSafe coverage — Citi provides valuable insurance benefits against loss
or injuries resulting from a robbery at an ATM. ID Theft Protection
Watch-Guard Premier's ID Theft Protection provides state of the art
protection against identity theft. When a loss occurs, Watch-Guard Premier
allows you to establish immediate credit monitoring to guard you against
potential future fraud, and offers up to $25,000 in reimbursement for
costs associated with your ID recovery. Personalized 3-Bureau Credit
Report — Watch-Guard Premier provides you with free information on your
personal credit data, creditor information, plus information on how to
contact your creditors or correct any inaccuracies you discover. Credit
Monitoring following a loss for a free period of 90 days ID Theft Expense
Insurance Coverage — You are reimbursed up to $25,000 for certain expenses
incurred to restore your identity such as lost wages and long distance
phone charges.  Purchase Protection Watch-Guard Premier further helps you protect the
contents of your wallet by extending manufacturers' warranties,
guaranteeing the lowest price on qualifying purchases, and providing
discounts on auto rentals. Extended Warranty Protection — Citi will double
the manufacturer's warranty, up to one extra year on warranties of 5 years
or less. Lowest Price Guarantee with Price Security — When you use your
credit card to purchase an item and find the identical item at a lower
price in any store within 60 days of the original date of purchase, we
will reimburse you the difference in the documented price. Auto Rental
Discounts Nationwide — You will receive discounts on Hertz, Avis and
National car rentals. Using identity protection services like, Watch-Guard
Premier, can be a prudent step to take in order to enjoy the benefits of
credit cards while avoiding the potential pitfalls of theft and fraud. For
additional articles and tips about credit and credit card related issues,
please visit our articles section.  Related credit card topics highlighting credit card account management and
advice on how to protect your credit card: Protecting Your Credit Card
&ndash; Specific advice on how to keep general use credit cards like Visa
safe and secure. Limiting Your Financial Loss &ndash; Learn how to limit
you financial loss if a credit card goes missing.  Phishing – What it means and how to prevent it &ndash; Article describing
what Phishing means and how you can prevent being a victim of identity
theft when receiving emails or calls requesting personal information about
a credit card.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Identity Theft – Protect Yourself with Watch-Guard article on identity
theft and how to protect yourself with Watch-Guard Premier from Citibank,
service includes total wallet protection, identity theft protection,
purchase protection and replacement of lost or stolen credit cards.
Identity Theft – Protect Yourself with Watch-Guard article on identity
theft and how to protect yourself with Watch-Guard Premier from Citibank,
service includes total wallet protection, identity theft protection,
purchase protection and replacement of lost or stolen credit cards.
Identity Theft – Protect Yourself with Watch-Guard article on identity
theft and how to protect yourself with Watch-Guard Premier from Citibank,
service includes total wallet protection, identity theft protection,
purchase protection and replacement of lost or stolen credit cards.
Identity Theft – Protect Yourself with Watch-Guard article on identity
theft and how to protect yourself with Watch-Guard Premier from Citibank,
service includes total wallet protection, identity theft protection,
purchase protection and replacement of lost or stolen credit cards.
Identity Theft – Protect Yourself with Watch-Guard article on identity
theft and how to protect yourself with Watch-Guard Premier from Citibank,
service includes total wallet protection, identity theft protection,
purchase protection and replacement of lost or stolen credit cards. 
Watch-guard, identity theft, Citibank, citi, wallet protection, lost or
stolen credit cards, purchase protection 