  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News JetBlue and American Express launch new card – September
12, 2005 JetBlue and American Express launch new card – September 12, 2005
This summer, Jet Blue, the low-priced airline based out of New York's JFK
International Airport, announced an exciting new frequent flyer credit
card issued in partnership with American Express
http://www.creditcards.com/credit-cards/jetblue-card-from-american-express.php
. The card will allow customers to earn free tickets on Jet Blue Airlines
even faster according Airline President and CEO, Dave Neeleman.
Cardholders earn one Award Dollar for each dollar in card purchases and
will earn double Award Dollars for restaurant, movie theater, concert and
golf course purchases. To earn free tickets on JetBlue Airlines, customers
must earn 100 Blue Points. For every 200 Award Dollars earned with the
credit card, customers will receive one Blue Point. As an incentive, the
first purchase with the Jet Blue Card will earn a bonus of 5,000 Award
Dollars, which equates to 25 Blue Points.  Airline credit cards also known as frequent flyer credit cards are a great
way to augment the miles that are earned from flying on a favorite
airline. Other ways to earn often include using the services of preferred
airline partners, such as participating hotels and car rental agencies.
And, if the airline credit card to is used make these type of purchases,
it is effectively double dipping, allowing the cardholder to get the
maximum number of miles possible. About JetBlue JetBlue began national
low-fare airline service in 2000 and offers over 110 flights a day to 33
U.S cities and the Caribbean. JetBlue operates a fleet of new Airbus A-320
jets, featuring leather seating and DirecTV Satellite TV monitors in the
headrests of all planes. For other credit and credit card related news,
please visit our news center .    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  JetBlue and American Express launch new card An exciting new frequent flyer
credit card issued in partnership with American Express. The card will
allow customers to earn free tickets on Jet Blue Airlines even faster.
JetBlue and American Express launch new card An exciting new frequent
flyer credit card issued in partnership with American Express. The card
will allow customers to earn free tickets on Jet Blue Airlines even
faster. JetBlue and American Express launch new card An exciting new
frequent flyer credit card issued in partnership with American Express.
The card will allow customers to earn free tickets on Jet Blue Airlines
even faster. JetBlue and American Express launch new card An exciting new
frequent flyer credit card issued in partnership with American Express.
The card will allow customers to earn free tickets on Jet Blue Airlines
even faster. JetBlue and American Express launch new card An exciting new
frequent flyer credit card issued in partnership with American Express.
The card will allow customers to earn free tickets on Jet Blue Airlines
even faster.  JetBlue Card from American Express, airline credit card, Jet
Blue Credit Card, frequent flyer credit card 