    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News Credit Card Debt in 2005 Grace period nearing an end for
Hurricane Victims When Hurricanes Katrina and Rita hit the gulf coast of
the U.S. in September of this year, hundreds of thousands of people found
themselves with multiple layers of problems. Beyond the destruction that
was wrought upon their homes and possessions, financial records were more
often than not lost under several feet of water and muck.  And, for many thousands of evacuees the terrible storms also wiped out
their employers and livelihoods. This calamity was unprecedented in modern
times in terms of the number of people affected and the widespread area of
devastation. While some neighborhoods in New Orleans and other areas of
the gulf region have dried out and are inhabitable, hundreds of thousands
of the region's former residents are still displaced and unemployed. Many
of the nation's lenders stepped up to this humanitarian disaster by
deferring mortgage, auto and credit card payments for 90 and up to 120
days. While many of these debt deferments were automatic, others required
the affected parties to contact the lender to request relief. This wasn't
always feasible, since credit cards, old statements and other financial
records were often left behind the wake of the storms.  Evacuees that were able to contact their lenders to make payment deferral
arrangements are now nearing the end of their grace period. While many
people have begun rebuilding their lives and are able to shoulder these
financial burdens once again, many are no better off than when they ran
from the storm's path. The only course of action once the grace period
nears expiration is to contact the lender and discuss options. Not making
payment arrangements in advance could lead to dire financial results, even
for unsecured loans like credit cards. At a minimum, cardholders would face
default pricing on any outstanding balances. And, if payment delinquency
continues the cardholder's credit rating would definitely plummet. Other
options for credit card holders could include balance transfers to a
credit card that offers 0% introductory APR. This could buy the customer
up to a year of no interest payments, although minimum payments of up to
4% would still have to be made toward the outstanding balance.  September's hurricane victims weathered one of the worst natural disasters
ever to befall our country. Hopefully, by utilizing timely communications
and negotiations with creditors, they can avoid compounding the secondary
damages caused to their financial well-being. For more information on
credit cards or related topics please see our library of articles .  Related credit card topics highlighting credit card news in 2005 and news
on how to protect your credit card: The New Bankruptcy Law &ndash; An
overview of the new bankruptcy law and what it means for consumers. Earn
5% Cash Back with Discover &ndash; Overview of how to earn 5% cash back
with a discover credit card through their cash back bonus program. Pay in
the Blink of an Eye with the Chase Blink Card &ndash; Article detailing
the technology behind the new chase blink card, allowing cardholders to
pay in the blink of an eye using RFID contact-less payment technology.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Grace period nearing an end for Hurricane Victims News article commenting
on the grace period nearing an end for hurricane victims of hurricanes
Katrina and Rita; debt deferment and payment deferral options for credit
cards are nearing an end and evacuees must make other arrangements with
lenders. Grace period nearing an end for Hurricane Victims News article
commenting on the grace period nearing an end for hurricane victims of
hurricanes Katrina and Rita; debt deferment and payment deferral options
for credit cards are nearing an end and evacuees must make other
arrangements with lenders. Grace period nearing an end for Hurricane
Victims News article commenting on the grace period nearing an end for
hurricane victims of hurricanes Katrina and Rita; debt deferment and
payment deferral options for credit cards are nearing an end and evacuees
must make other arrangements with lenders. Grace period nearing an end for
Hurricane Victims News article commenting on the grace period nearing an
end for hurricane victims of hurricanes Katrina and Rita; debt deferment
and payment deferral options for credit cards are nearing an end and
evacuees must make other arrangements with lenders. Grace period nearing
an end for Hurricane Victims News article commenting on the grace period
nearing an end for hurricane victims of hurricanes Katrina and Rita; debt
deferment and payment deferral options for credit cards are nearing an end
and evacuees must make other arrangements with lenders.  grace period,
hurricane katrina, credit card payments, credit cards, debt deferment,
payment deferral 