    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Limiting Your Financial Loss Limiting Your Financial
Loss When a credit card goes missing, the first thing you think of is: How
can I limit my financial losses? Luckily, there are several ways you can
protect yourself, your financial history and your credit from damage and
protection under the law to help with any financial loss.  Steps You Can Take: Report Loss/Theft of Credit Card - Report the loss or
theft of your credit cards and your ATM or debit cards to the card issuers
as quickly as possible. Many companies have toll-free numbers and 24-hour
service to deal with such emergencies. It's a good idea to follow up your
phone calls with a letter. Include your account number, when you noticed
your card was missing and the date on which you first reported the loss.
Review Billing Statements - After the loss, review your billing statements
carefully. If they show any unauthorized charges, it's best to send a
letter to the card issuer describing each questionable charge. Again, tell
the card issuer the date your card was lost or stolen, or when you first
noticed unauthorized charges, and when you first reported the problem to
them. Be sure to send the letter to the address provided for billing
errors. Do not send it with a payment or to the address where you normally
send your payments, unless you are directed to do so.  Check Homeowner s Insurance Policy - Check your homeowner's insurance
policy to see if it covers your liability for card thefts. If not, some
insurance companies will allow you to change your policy to include this
protection. Federal Protection Facts: Fair Credit Billing Act FCBA Your
maximum liability under federal law for unauthorized use of your credit
card is $50. If you report the loss before your credit cards are used, the
FCBA says the card issuer cannot hold you responsible for any unauthorized
charges. If a thief uses your cards before you report them missing, the
most you will owe for unauthorized charges is $50 per card. Also, if the
loss involves your credit card number, but not the card itself, you have
no liability for unauthorized use. Electronic Funds Transfer Act EFTA Your
liability under federal law for unauthorized use of your ATM or debit card
depends on how quickly you report the loss. If you report an ATM or debit
card missing prior to its fraudulent usage, the EFTA says the card issuer
cannot hold you responsible for any unauthorized transfers. If
unauthorized use occurs before you report it, your liability under federal
law depends on how quickly you report the loss.  For example, if you report the loss within two business days after
realizing your card is missing, you will not be responsible for more than
$50 worth of unauthorized use. However, if you don't report the loss
within two business days after discovering the card missing, you could
lose up to $500 of unauthorized transfer. You may also risk unlimited loss
if you fail to report an unauthorized transfer within 60 days after your
bank mails a statement containing unauthorized use to you. That means you
could lose all the money in your bank account as well as the unused
portion of your line of credit established for overdrafts. However, for
unauthorized transfers involving only your debit card number not the
actual loss of the card , you are liable only for transfers that occur
more than 60 days following the mailing of your unauthorized
use-containing bank statement and before you report the loss. If
unauthorized transfers show up on your bank statement, report them to the
card issuer as quickly as possible. Once you've reported the loss of your
ATM or debit card, you cannot be held liable for additional unauthorized
transfers that occur after that time. Before you have that moment of
panic, take the steps to protect your credit and your credit cards.
Remember, your credit is extremely important and you don t want someone
else causing you trouble.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles . Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts
Protecting Your Credit Card Choosing the Right Credit Card for You    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Limiting Your Financial Loss How to limit you financial loss if a credit
card goes missing; report loss of credit cards, debit cards or ATM cards
to issuing financial institution as soon a possible. Financial liability
for a credit card or debit card can differ, but generally depend on how
quickly you notify your bank or issuer Limiting Your Financial Loss How to
limit you financial loss if a credit card goes missing; report loss of
credit cards, debit cards or ATM cards to issuing financial institution as
soon a possible. Financial liability for a credit card or debit card can
differ, but generally depend on how quickly you notify your bank or issuer
Limiting Your Financial Loss How to limit you financial loss if a credit
card goes missing; report loss of credit cards, debit cards or ATM cards
to issuing financial institution as soon a possible. Financial liability
for a credit card or debit card can differ, but generally depend on how
quickly you notify your bank or issuer Limiting Your Financial Loss How to
limit you financial loss if a credit card goes missing; report loss of
credit cards, debit cards or ATM cards to issuing financial institution as
soon a possible. Financial liability for a credit card or debit card can
differ, but generally depend on how quickly you notify your bank or issuer
Limiting Your Financial Loss How to limit you financial loss if a credit
card goes missing; report loss of credit cards, debit cards or ATM cards
to issuing financial institution as soon a possible. Financial liability
for a credit card or debit card can differ, but generally depend on how
quickly you notify your bank or issuer  loss of credit cards, debit cards,
credit cards 