    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Saving on Interest Expenses with 0% APR Credit Cards
Saving on Interest Expenses with low-interest and 0% APR Credit Cards What
is the best way to save money with credit cards? The easy answer is to pay
off the balance every month and only spend what you can afford to spend.
Paying off the balance on your credit cards every month lets you avoid
interest expense and finance charges. It s like getting an interest-free
loan. Isn t that a great way to save money?  That would be a great idea. But what about for the rest of us who, for one
reason or another, carry balances on our credit cards? Isn t there a way
in which we can save money on our credit cards? Fortunately, there is. All
the major credit card companies Visa, MasterCard, Amex, and Discover offer
a wide variety of credit cards, but not all the interest rates are the
same. Two ways to save: There are 2 kinds of offers usually offered. The
first is the special 0% introductory APR annual percentage rate . This is
where the card gives you a 0% interest rate for a short time and then
raises the APR after that time is over usually 6 months . Another option
is a lower fixed-interest credit card &mdash;how low &ldquo;lower&rdquo;
is depends on how high the interest rates on your current cards are
presently.  How much money can a low interest credit card save you? Let s compare the
difference between an 8% fixed interest rate versus a 20% fixed interest
rate a typical rate . Let's look at some numbers: Let s say you carry a
balance of $1,000 for a year on your credit card for a full year. One at a
20% fixed interest rate, and your interest expense is $200. $1,000 x .20
-------- $200 But on an 8% fixed-interest credit card you would only spend
$80 in interest expenses. $1,000 x .08 -------- $80 So, by going with an 8%
card over a 20% APR Credit card, you are saving $120 a year. This doesn t even
include the money you will save in finance charges. Let s also look at how
a 0% introductory offer can save you money. Let s compare the credit card
with a 20% fixed interest rate with a card that gives you 6 months at a 0%
rate but goes up to 25% afterwards. Again, let s assume you carry a $1,000
balance over a year.  On a 20% fixed interest rate , you will spend $200. $1,000 x .20 --------
$200 But let s look at the numbers on a card with a higher normal rate but
with a lower introductory APR: It is $250 for one year at a fixed APR of
25% $1,000 x .25 -------- $250 But the first 6 months is 0%. So, we can
divide that by 2 and we have $125. So, you save $75 going this route. But
for the sake of your credit, it is best to use this ONLY as a short-term
solution. All the major cards&mdash; Visa , MasterCard , American Express
, and Discover , have these kinds of offers. As you can see, 0% APR cards
and low fixed rate cards can save you money over time. Remember though:
the BEST way to save money is to pay off your cards monthly. But for the
rest of us who carry a balance, getting a low interest credit card or a
credit card with a low introductory rate is one way to save you money in
interest expenses. Before applying for any credit card, be sure to discuss
with your financial advisor which credit card is best for your unique
financial situation.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts
Protecting Your Credit Card Limiting Your Financial Loss    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Saving on Interest Expenses with Low-interest and 0% APR Credit Cards
Methods for saving on interest expenses with low-interest and 0% APR
credit cards involving paying off balances on time; how much money can be
saved with low interest credit card products with calculation comparisons
between two fixed-interest credit card products Saving on Interest
Expenses with Low-interest and 0% APR Credit Cards Methods for saving on
interest expenses with low-interest and 0% APR credit cards involving
paying off balances on time; how much money can be saved with low interest
credit card products with calculation comparisons between two
fixed-interest credit card products Saving on Interest Expenses with
Low-interest and 0% APR Credit Cards Methods for saving on interest
expenses with low-interest and 0% APR credit cards involving paying off
balances on time; how much money can be saved with low interest credit
card products with calculation comparisons between two fixed-interest
credit card products Saving on Interest Expenses with Low-interest and 0%
APR Credit Cards Methods for saving on interest expenses with low-interest
and 0% APR credit cards involving paying off balances on time; how much
money can be saved with low interest credit card products with calculation
comparisons between two fixed-interest credit card products Saving on
Interest Expenses with Low-interest and 0% APR Credit Cards Methods for
saving on interest expenses with low-interest and 0% APR credit cards
involving paying off balances on time; how much money can be saved with
low interest credit card products with calculation comparisons between two
fixed-interest credit card products  saving on interest, low-interest, 0%
APR, credit cards  