  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Managing and Getting Rid of Debt Managing and Getting
Rid of Debt Debt can sometime have a way of getting out of control and
quickly piling up. The worst thing you can do is bury your head in the
sand and hope your debt goes away. It won t and, in fact, it will get
worse if you ignore it. When you have debt that is piling up or if you
have reached the limit on several credit cards, these details begin to
appear on your credit report, which can cause problems for you in the
future.  Here are a few things you can do to get control of your debt before it
starts to impact your credit score and credit report. Remember, before
starting a debt-reduction plan, you should consult with a financial
advisor or accountant to discuss your specific financial needs. Know how
much you owe. &ndash; Don t be surprised by how much you owe. Gather
together all your credit card and loan statements and add up all the
outstanding amounts you owe. Be sure to note what the Annual Percentage
Rate APR is for each account and whether or not the payment is fixed i.e.,
a car loan or variable i.e., credit cards . Know how much you have. &ndash;
How much money do you actually have to spend each month? Get your payment
stubs and any other regular income and figure out how much income you have
available each month.  Know your total monthly household expense. &ndash; Not everything can go
toward paying debt. You still need to pay rent if you don t own a house ,
pay the electric bill, and buy groceries. Write down all your monthly
household bills and add up how much you spend on them each month. Be sure
to also include a cushion for buying clothes or other periodical expenses.
How much can you afford to pay? &ndash; Now, apply this simple formula to
determine how much you can pay toward your debt: Household income &ndash;
Household expenses = Balance The balance is how much you should have left
each month. Now you need to determine how much of your balance should go
toward paying off debt. Talk to your financial advisor if you need help
with this. Who should you pay first? &ndash; Take a look at the credit
card accounts and see if any of them should be paid off before others.
Credit card debt and small loans should probably be paid off before
low-rate student loans and home loans. Some factors to consider in your
prioritization:  Which debts have the highest interest rates? Which accounts are above 50%
of their credit limit? Which debts are close to being paid off? Which
debts have the highest annual fees? Negotiate and consolidate. &mdash;
Start working on those high-interest credit card debts first. Call your
creditors and negotiate lower interest rates or move your balances to less
expensive credit cards. Accounts that are above 50% of the available line
of credit can harm your credit score; therefore, pay off or move some of
the balance on such cards to a different card. Don t keep adding debt.
&ndash; Now that you have gone through the trouble to create a plan of
action to reduce your debt, don t blow it by continuing to add more debt
to your credit cards. Save one or two credit cards with low balances so
that you can have access to credit if you need it. It is better to have
credit available when you really need it than it is to be left without
access to any credit.  Getting out of debt and improving your credit report can be done. These
suggestions are aimed toward helping you get on the right path. It is
always best to work with a financial advisor or other professional to
determine what the best plan of action is for your specific situation.
Your public library has information about budgeting and money management
techniques. Low cost budget counseling services that can help you analyze
your income and expenses and develop budget and spending plans also are
available in most communities. Check your Yellow Pages or contact your
local bank or consumer protection office for information. Contact your
creditors immediately if you cannot pay your bills and together, you may
be able to work out a modified payment plan that reduces your payments to
a more manageable level. Never wait for a debt collector to contact you.
The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act determines how and when a debt
collector may contact you. A debt collector may not call you before 8 AM,
after 9 PM, or at work if the collector knows that your employer doesn't
approve of the calls. Collectors may not harass you, make false
statements, or use unfair practices when they try to collect a debt. Debt
collectors must honor a written request from you to cease further contact.
 Consider contacting a credit counseling service. Your creditors may be
willing to accept reduced payments if you enter a debt repayment plan with
a reputable organization. In these plans, you deposit money each month with
the credit counseling service and these funds reimburse your creditors
according to a payment schedule developed by the counselor. Ask the credit
counseling service for an estimate of the time it will take to complete the
plan. Some credit counseling services charge little or nothing for managing
the plan; others charge a monthly fee that could add up to a significant
charge over time. You are responsible for paying any creditors whose debts
are not included in the plan. A debt repayment plan does not erase your
credit history. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, accurate information
about your accounts remain on your credit report for up to seven years. In
addition, your creditors will continue to report information about accounts
that are handled through a debt repayment plan.  Debt repayment plans usually cover unsecured debt. Home and auto loans are
secured debt and may not be included, so payments must be sent to these
creditors directly. Most automobile financing agreements allow a creditor
to repossess your car without advanced notice at any time you're in
default. If you fall behind on your mortgage, contact your lender
immediately to avoid foreclosure. Most lenders are willing to work with
you and may even reduce or suspend your payments for a short time. When
you resume regular payments, you may have to pay an additional amount
toward the past due total. If you and your lender cannot work out a plan,
contact a housing counseling agency. Consolidate debt through a second
mortgage or a home equity line of credit. These loans require your home as
collateral. Consolidation loans add up. You will pay both interest on the
loan and points, which are contingent upon the percentage of the amount
you borrow. Personal bankruptcy is a last resort because the information
stays on your credit report for 10 years, making it difficult to acquire
credit, buy a home, get life insurance, or sometimes obtain a job.
Individuals who follow the bankruptcy rules receive a discharge -- a court
order that says they do not have to repay certain debts.  There are two primary types of personal bankruptcy: Chapter 13 and Chapter
7. Chapter 13 allows persons with a steady income to keep property. The
court approves a repayment plan that allows future income to pay off a
default. After you have made all payments under the plan, you receive a
discharge of your debts. Chapter 7 involves liquidation of all assets that
are not exempt. Exempt property may include automobiles, work-related
tools, and basic household furnishings. Debt counseling and credit repair
companies might seem like the ultimate rescuers, but they can end up
costing a great deal of money. Many times they offer the same services
that you can do yourself. If you decide to use the services of one of
these organizations, check with your local consumer protection office and
the Better Business Bureau first. Before beginning a credit reducing or
elimination strategy, contact your account or financial advisor to discuss
your specific credit and financial situation. For other credit and credit
card related articles, please visit our library of articles .  Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards Glossary
of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts Protecting Your
Credit Card Choosing the Right Credit Card for You Good vs. Bad Credit  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Managing and Getting Rid of Debt Strategies for managing and getting rid of
debt; how to approach debt reduction to pay off debt and consolidate
balances and improve your credit report Managing and Getting Rid of Debt
Strategies for managing and getting rid of debt; how to approach debt
reduction to pay off debt and consolidate balances and improve your credit
report Managing and Getting Rid of Debt Strategies for managing and getting
rid of debt; how to approach debt reduction to pay off debt and consolidate
balances and improve your credit report Managing and Getting Rid of Debt
Strategies for managing and getting rid of debt; how to approach debt
reduction to pay off debt and consolidate balances and improve your credit
report Managing and Getting Rid of Debt Strategies for managing and getting
rid of debt; how to approach debt reduction to pay off debt and consolidate
balances and improve your credit report  getting rid of debt, debt
reduction, paying off debt, debt consolidate balances 