  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards News Minimums are
Getting More Maximum Minimums are Getting More Maximum Credit card minimum
payments are getting bigger and this could, surprisingly, be a good thing
for the average American. Legislators and Regulators in Washington have
recently exerted pressure on the nation's largest credit card issuers to
deal with the looming problem of consumer credit card debt. The banks have
announced that new minimum payments will be 4% of outstanding balances.  The standard minimum payment of 2% became an industry standard in the
1980's and was quickly adopted by consumers as a way to tread financial
water while enjoying an expanded material lifestyle afforded by credit
cards. To keep an account current and avoid late payments all the customer
had to do was send in that tiny amount every month. However, as consumers
added to their outstanding balances, that minimum payment represented more
and more of their monthly income. And since interest rates are typically
variable and are tied to the Prime Rate, recent increases by the Federal
Reserve have put ever increasing pressure on American's ability to meet
their minimum credit card payments. Transferring balances to a 0% APR
credit card may be a good way for consumers to react to this change and
keep their monthly payments from getting out of hand.  So how could the industry move to a 4% minimum payment represent a good
thing? For one, it should be a wake up call to those who have bitten off a
bit too much to manage their finances more responsibly. Secondly, it
provides a more constructive process to begin paying down outstanding
debt. If people only make minimum payments in a rising interest rate
environment, the outstanding balance could actually increase over time
rather than decrease. This is because the interest on the principal is
outpacing the amount by which the balance is being paid down. As mentioned
earlier, a good way to deal with this type of rising payments situation may
be to consider a 0% balance transfer credit card, which can allow all
payments to go toward principal rather than interest. For some consumers,
especially if they have been late in paying past bills, punitive interest
rates alone could be adding more than 2% to the balance they owe each
month. This can create an endless cycle of debt from which consumers can't
escape, unless they declare personal bankruptcy. And, with recent
legislation reforming bankruptcy laws, that option is much more difficult
to pursue.  Credit cards, if used responsibly, can help manage life's financial needs
and even produce rewards in the form of cash back, points or airline
miles. But the operative term is responsibly . Like most powerful tools,
if misused or not respected, they can lead to tremendous problems that
spill over into other areas of a person's life. The new minimum payments
should help force more responsible use and avoid the situation many
consumers have experienced, that of making regular monthly payments and
still falling further behind. For more information on credit cards and
credit card topics, please see our Credit Card Articles section.  Want to know more about low interest credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How 0% APR credit cards can
save you money &ndash; Why fixed low interest credit cards might be right
for you. Saving on Interest Expenses with low interest and 0% APR Credit
Cards &ndash; Methods for saving on interest expenses with low-interest
and 0% APR credit cards involving paying off balances on time. 0% APR Credit
Card Offers &ndash; Here to Stay or a Fad? &ndash; A review of the history
of low and 0% interest introductory rates on credit cards.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Minimums are Getting More Maximum Credit card minimum payments are
increasing from 2% to 4% resulting from recent changes by card issuers;
consumers should experience less credit card debt as a result. Minimums
are Getting More Maximum Credit card minimum payments are increasing from
2% to 4% resulting from recent changes by card issuers; consumers should
experience less credit card debt as a result. Minimums are Getting More
Maximum Credit card minimum payments are increasing from 2% to 4%
resulting from recent changes by card issuers; consumers should experience
less credit card debt as a result. Minimums are Getting More Maximum Credit
card minimum payments are increasing from 2% to 4% resulting from recent
changes by card issuers; consumers should experience less credit card debt
as a result. Minimums are Getting More Maximum Credit card minimum payments
are increasing from 2% to 4% resulting from recent changes by card issuers;
consumers should experience less credit card debt as a result.  credit
card, minimum payments, mimimum payment, credit card debt, 0% balance
transfer credit cards, 0% APR credit card 