  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News The New Starbucks Duetto Visa – Wake up and Smell the
Free Coffee The New Starbucks Duetto Visa – Wake up and Smell the Free
Coffee Many of us need a strong jolt of caffeine to lift that morning fog.
And, for millions of Americans that means one thing – Starbucks Coffee and
lots of it. Now, the international coffee retailer has made it even easier
to afford that morning cup of Joe by teaming up with Chase Card Services to
offer the new Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa Card . And, if you are like
many of us that have the Starbucks addiction, the daily cost of a
Starbucks habit can not be considered insignificant. So rather than
cutting back on such a necessity in life, perhaps you should consider
making it more affordable with a little help from your everyday spending.  Since the new Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa carries two magnetic strips on
the back of the card, one is for normal credit card transactions and the
other is for purchases within Starbucks Coffee Shops, this card is
revolutionary in the world of credit cards. The in-store portion of the
credit card allows patrons to pay for their coffee and pastries without
having to sign a receipt, working just like a Starbucks gift card. Both
customers and Starbucks appreciate this unique feature of the credit card
because it speeds up service at the cash register and lets everyone get
their Venti, half-decaf, extra shot, non-fat espresso latte with low foam
into their jittery hands that much faster. When issued, the in-store
portion of the card can be loaded in $20 increments, and is then reloaded
automatically to $20 when the balance falls below $5. The Duetto card is
accepted everywhere a normal Visa card is accepted and earns the
cardholder a 1% cash back rebate on all purchases $100 in purchases equals
1 Starbucks Dollar . As an initial bonus, cardholders earn a 10 Starbucks
Dollars with their first card purchase. Cash back rewards are then
transferred to the in-store portion of the card for redemption when $20 in
cash back earnings is reached. Rewards are then available to be redeemed by
the customer by making future in-store coffee or merchandise purchases.  The Starbucks Duetto card , besides breaking new ground in the credit card
industry, has been extremely well received by loyal Starbucks patrons and
is helping reinforce the iconic status of one of the nation's biggest
retailing success stories. And now, more than ever, there are so many ways
to enjoy Starbucks products. Whether in-store at over 9,000 locations in 34
countries, or at home by brewing your own Starbucks-branded coffee, there
are lots of avenues for enjoying your caffeinated rewards. And what other
kind of credit card reward program could get you so wound up? For more
information on credit cards please visit our Credit Card News section.  Want to know more about reward credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Leverage Your Household
Spending to Maximize Your Reward Card Program &ndash; Strategies for
getting the most out of your reward credit card with everyday spending.
How to Supersize Your Credit Card Reward Program &ndash; Insider tips for
methods to increase your reward credit card earning power. Reward Credit
Cards &ndash; Compare leading Credit Cards with a Reward Program side by
side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  The New Starbucks Duetto Visa – Wake up and Smell the Free Coffee Article
detailing the new Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa and how it can earn
cardholders a cash back rebate that can be redeemed for free coffee
rewards. The New Starbucks Duetto Visa – Wake up and Smell the Free Coffee
Article detailing the new Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa and how it can
earn cardholders a cash back rebate that can be redeemed for free coffee
rewards. The New Starbucks Duetto Visa – Wake up and Smell the Free Coffee
Article detailing the new Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa and how it can
earn cardholders a cash back rebate that can be redeemed for free coffee
rewards. The New Starbucks Duetto Visa – Wake up and Smell the Free Coffee
Article detailing the new Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa and how it can
earn cardholders a cash back rebate that can be redeemed for free coffee
rewards. The New Starbucks Duetto Visa – Wake up and Smell the Free Coffee
Article detailing the new Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa and how it can
earn cardholders a cash back rebate that can be redeemed for free coffee
rewards.  Starbucks Card, Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa, credit cards,
credit card, cash back rebate, rewards, free coffee 