  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles New Technology for Prepaid Debit Cards New Technology
Features Offered For Prepaid Debit Cards Prepaid debit cards offer many
interesting features not available to normal credit card holders when
using credit cards for purchase transactions. These new features apply to
debit cards due to their unique nature within the Visa and MasterCard
based payment card industry. Since prepaid debit cards don't come with a
pre-assigned credit line the customer must be proactive in loading funds
onto the card either at an ATM kiosk or online through the bank or issuers
website. Funds deposited on the card can be electronically transferred
online through Paypal, another credit card, a savings or checking account
transfer or by feeding cash directly into a kiosk. Lower-tech loading
methods are still widely used involving writing a check, endorsing a
paycheck or handing cash over to a clerk in a merchant location that
markets prepaid debit cards.  Recent technology innovations allow customers with text-enabled wireless
devices such as cell phones, blackberries, wireless laptop pc's or PDA's
personal digital assistants to receive instant alerts and payment
confirmations for prepaid debit card transactions. This can be a really
slick feature to show off to your friends when you purchase your next
double decaf latte at Starbucks or make a pay-at-the-pump card transaction
for your next gasoline fill-up. It's also a great way to monitor the status
of your deposited credit line. Unlike maintaining a checking account you
don't have to make entries and balance your checkbook – it's done
automatically with real-time reporting available through the internet,
text-enabled devices or by phone. Many people are learning the ins and
outs of this new technology because prepaid cards are being used by many
employers in lieu of issuing paper checks. Once prepaid debit payroll
cards are initially issued all future employer-employee payments are made
electronically, saving large employers significant amounts of money in
payroll processing expenses. This type of service typically applies to
employers with significant numbers of employees who don't use traditional
banking services and can't accept direct deposit. In the past a person
with a payroll check might take it to a check cashing service location on
payday. This presented both a security risk carrying relatively large sums
of cash from a known location along with a temptation risk people tend to
spend more money when they are feeling flush . By receiving paychecks
through regular electronic reloads these individuals can enjoy the same
security, reliability, convenience and savings no more check cashing fees
as those with traditional banking relationships and direct deposit.  Technology continues to transform our society away from the use of cash and
checks. If you want to learn more about prepaid debit cards we invite you
to read our article on What are the pro's and con's of prepaid debit
cards? . To see a comprehensive listing of cards available through leading
issuers please visit our Prepaid Debit Card section to compare and apply
for offers online.  Want to know more about prepaid debit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How Do Prepaid Debit Cards
Differ from Bank Debit and ATM Cards? &ndash; An overview of the history
and uses of different types of debit cards. What Are The Pro s and Con s
of a Prepaid Debit Card &ndash; The relative benefits and limitations of
prepaid debit cards. Prepaid Debit Cards &ndash; Compare leading prepaid
debit cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  New Technology Features Offered For Prepaid Debit Cards Discussion of new
technology features offered for prepaid debit cards relative to credit
cards; debit card functions compared to credit card and payment card
offerings of Visa and MasterCard New Technology Features Offered For
Prepaid Debit Cards Discussion of new technology features offered for
prepaid debit cards relative to credit cards; debit card functions
compared to credit card and payment card offerings of Visa and MasterCard
New Technology Features Offered For Prepaid Debit Cards Discussion of new
technology features offered for prepaid debit cards relative to credit
cards; debit card functions compared to credit card and payment card
offerings of Visa and MasterCard New Technology Features Offered For
Prepaid Debit Cards Discussion of new technology features offered for
prepaid debit cards relative to credit cards; debit card functions
compared to credit card and payment card offerings of Visa and MasterCard
New Technology Features Offered For Prepaid Debit Cards Discussion of new
technology features offered for prepaid debit cards relative to credit
cards; debit card functions compared to credit card and payment card
offerings of Visa and MasterCard  Prepaid Debit Cards, credit cards, Visa,
MasterCard, prepaid debit card 