  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles No Credit History? No Problem. No Credit History? No
Problem. It's the Catch 22 of credit – it takes good credit to get new
credit. This is especially true in order to obtain low cost credit cards.
But how does one get good credit when a credit history is required to even
get a credit card? It's true that most major credit card companies try to
limit their financial risk by mostly approving those with excellent or
good credit. But there are credit card options for those who have not
established previous credit history using a credit card.  It's the Catch 22 of credit – it takes good credit to get new credit. This
is especially true in order to obtain low cost credit cards. But how does
one get good credit when a credit history is required to even get a credit
card? It's true that most major credit card companies try to limit their
financial risk by mostly approving those with excellent or good credit.
But there are credit card options for those who have not established
previous credit history using a credit card. Often, the lack of credit
history is equated with bad credit. B, but if you fit this category, you
should not despair or feel less worthy than others. It's all a matter of
how you look financially to banks and major issuers of credit cards. After
all, credit card issuers are for-profit organizations that must lend money
and then get that money back plus interest in order to stay in business.
Someone with no history of faithfully repaying money that has been
borrowed is an unknown quantity and is, therefore, either avoided or
assigned a higher degree of risk and charged higher interest rate to
offset that risk .  Students are often in this category due to their age and lack of income.
However, major credit card issuers have figured out that most students
enrolled in 4-year colleges actually present an acceptable risk profile
and generally warrant the risk of being issued credit cards. But if you
are not a student, what are the options? As in most areas of commerce,
there are also various types of credit card companies that specialize in
different segments of the market. Several, such as First Premier Bank and
Orchard Bank , offer cards to those without a credit history. Since the
banks are taking on more risk and experience higher losses with this
customer segment, applicants can expect to pay application, usage and
annual fees for many of these products., since the banks are taking on
more risk and experience higher losses with this customer segment.
However, it can worth the costs involved to finally get that first credit
card and begin establishing a solid credit history. And, once you have a
strong track record, you can have your pick of cards that will pay you to
use them.  Other options for those new to the world of credit can include retail store
cards. Examples can include store cards offered by Sears, The Gap or even
gasoline retailers like Exxon-Mobil. Retailers will often take a chance on
new credit applicants where the major credit card issuers would not. And,
once you build up a successful history of repayment you can use these
store cards as a stepping stone to general use credit cards, like a Visa,
MasterCard, American Express or Discover Card. So, again, don't despair if
you are just starting out and don't have a credit history. It can be like
trying to get your first job without any work experience on your resume.
Concerning credit, as in the world of work, once you get your foot in the
door and pay your dues, you can expect to advance to bigger and better
things. For additional articles and tips about credit and credit card
related issues, please visit our articles section .  Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards Glossary
of Credit Card Terms Good vs. Bad Credit Managing and Getting Rid of Credit
Card Debt Cleaning Up and Repairing Your Credit Rating Credit Card Debt
Consolidation  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  No Credit History?  No Problem. Article providing options to those with no
credit history, ways to build good credit and eventually qualify for low
rate offers from Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover Card. No
Credit History?  No Problem. Article providing options to those with no
credit history, ways to build good credit and eventually qualify for low
rate offers from Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover Card. No
Credit History?  No Problem. Article providing options to those with no
credit history, ways to build good credit and eventually qualify for low
rate offers from Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover Card. No
Credit History?  No Problem. Article providing options to those with no
credit history, ways to build good credit and eventually qualify for low
rate offers from Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover Card. No
Credit History?  No Problem. Article providing options to those with no
credit history, ways to build good credit and eventually qualify for low
rate offers from Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover Card. 
credit cards, credit card, good credit, no credit history, Visa,
MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card 