Now Open for Business – American Express Provides Open Access    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards  Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Prepaid
Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials Advanta  American Express Bank of America Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First
Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter  CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Now Open for Business – American Express Provides
Open Access Now Open for Business – American Express Provides Open Access
American Express has been a pioneer in the consumer credit card market for
generations. In the past decade or so, they have also driven the market
with innovative credit card solutions for small business owners. As
featured in recent business reality television shows, like the Restaurant
and Salon , American Express' Open Network has proven crucial for
providing small business owners with working capital.  The Open for Small Business network provides a vital credit line
administration function for small business owners. Beyond just credit
cards, the Open Network allows business owners to secure short term
business capital lines of credit starting at $10,000 and even larger lines
through unsecured business capital loans. Both products are installment
type loans that can be tied to a small business owner's need for both
credit card and short term lending products to secure necessary inventory
and equipment to operate and grow. Now Open is also the foundation of the
business credit card suite of products offered by American Express. These
products include the Business Gold Rewards Card , the Business Green
Rewards Card , the Platinum Business Cash Rebate Card , the Platinum
Business Credit Card and the Gold Delta Skymiles Credit Card . Each
product is tailored to the needs of different segments of the small
business credit card market.  Many small businesses simply need access to affordable working capital. And
this need usually isn't a short-term phenomenon. The number one cause for
business failure in this country is lack of capital. This can take the
form of not being able to afford enough equipment or inventory to fund
ongoing operations. Or, it can manifest itself in not being able to make
payroll. For many small companies, its employees are its primary assets.
And, if payroll isn't maintained, those assets will usually walk out the
door to seek greener pastures. The Business Gold Rewards Card is an
excellent choice for augmenting the working capital critical to all small
businesses. Other small businesses have made it past the need for
immediate capital, and are interested in earning rewards for their
business purchases. As most small business owners can attest, their credit
card spending can really add up with buying supplies, traveling to meet
clients and entertaining business prospects. And, with this spending comes
the opportunity to earn some serious cash rebates or travel-related
rewards. The American Express Platinum Cash Rebate Card is an excellent
choice for this market.  The final segment of small business owners are the true road warriors. This
group typically has a strong affinity to a major airline, since they spend
most of their time in the air. For this group American Express offers a
superior airline rewards program in partnership with Delta Airlines .
Delta Airlines frequent flyers can dramatically multiply their mileage
rewards with this airline rewards credit card. The Now Open Network from
American Express is the amazingly flexible platform that drives this
incredible array of small business credit card products, providing the
financial fuel for the backbone of the American economy. To take your
business to the next level, you may want to consider what American Express
can do for you. For additional information about credit cards and related
topics please see our library of articles .    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Now Open for Business – American Express Provides Open Access Article
explaining how Amex products are now open for business and how American
express provides open access with their small business card network; cards
included are the business gold rewards card, business green rewards card,
platinum business cash rebate card, platinum business credit card and the
gold delta skymiles credit card. Now Open for Business – American Express
Provides Open Access Article explaining how Amex products are now open for
business and how American express provides open access with their small
business card network; cards included are the business gold rewards card,
business green rewards card, platinum business cash rebate card, platinum
business credit card and the gold delta skymiles credit card. Now Open for
Business – American Express Provides Open Access Article explaining how
Amex products are now open for business and how American express provides
open access with their small business card network; cards included are the
business gold rewards card, business green rewards card, platinum business
cash rebate card, platinum business credit card and the gold delta
skymiles credit card. Now Open for Business – American Express Provides
Open Access Article explaining how Amex products are now open for business
and how American express provides open access with their small business
card network; cards included are the business gold rewards card, business
green rewards card, platinum business cash rebate card, platinum business
credit card and the gold delta skymiles credit card. Now Open for Business
– American Express Provides Open Access Article explaining how Amex
products are now open for business and how American express provides open
access with their small business card network; cards included are the
business gold rewards card, business green rewards card, platinum business
cash rebate card, platinum business credit card and the gold delta skymiles
credit card.  Now Open, American Express, Open for small business network,
open network, Business Gold Rewards Card, Business Green Rewards Card,
Platinum Business Cash Rebate Card, Platinum Business Credit Card, Gold
Delta Skymiles Credit Card 