  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Old Credit Card Debt Can Come Back To Haunt You Old
Credit Card Debt Can Come Back To Haunt You Credit card debt can sometimes
be like a bad penny that keeps turning up. Obviously, the only wise course
of action is to pay bills promptly and never get oneself overextended. But
for those who have found themselves drowning in credit card debt with no
way out, this hasn't always been an option.  In cases where people have been unable to repay a credit card balance, the
lending bank normally is forced to charge off the amount owed. The banks
will usually do this after a period of time, such as after 3 – 4 months of
delinquency. But this doesn't mean that the debt has been erased, by any
means. It is more of an interim accounting measure on the part of the bank
to reclassify the funds that appear doubtful in terms of repayment. Issuers
will normally try to collect delinquent balances long after the money owed
has been reclassified on their books as charged off . If these collection
efforts prove to be fruitless they will sometimes settle with the card
holder for some amount less than is owed. But more often they will sell
delinquent balances to third party collection companies for pennies on the
dollar. Banks consider this type of arrangement better than nothing in
terms of repayment. And, it is these third party collectors that consumers
must be wary of because they often are much more aggressive in terms of
collecting payment from borrowers.  Declaring bankruptcy can normally protect a person from original creditors,
but this isn't always the case if the delinquent receivables have been sold
to another creditor, such as a collection agency. Consumers are finding out
the hard way that past financial difficulty or indiscretion is not actually
forgiven or evaded, but is now coming back to insist on resolution. These
situations will only become more common as recently enacted bankruptcy
reform will make it more difficult to consumers to avoid eventual debt
repayment. In favor of consumers who have declared bankruptcy is a statute
of limitations after which a debt can not be legally collected, which is
seven years from the date of charge-off. If collection agencies come after
someone beyond this period then consumers can take legal action to have the
collections stopped. Another tactic employed by aggressive collection
agencies involves the threat of reporting the card holder to the credit
reporting agencies unless the amount owed is repaid. For those who have
come out of bankruptcy and have rebuilt their credit, this can be a very
effective ploy. But, if more than seven years have transpired since the
original due date this tactic can be countered with legal action, since
the statute of limitations also applies to credit bureau reporting.  So, what should a person do if confronted with aggressive collection
efforts for a debt that should have been erased years ago? First,
determine if the debt is legitimate. Sometimes collection agencies have
inaccurate information and use intimidation to drive their revenue despite
the consumer not recognizing the origin of the amount to be repaid. Second,
if the amount is actually owed, find out how long it has been since the
delinquency clock started. If beyond seven years, it is up to the consumer
whether to settle up with the collection agency, since by law the clock has
run out on any legal obligations. The bottom line with credit card debt is
to avoid it if possible. But, if a person finds themselves consumed by
card debt even very old credit card debt , they should use every method
possible to dig themselves out of the hole. Methods include stopping new
credit card spending, developing a strict budget and transferring balances
to a 0% APR credit card if the person's credit situation will allow them to
qualify . No hole is too deep to get out of, so with a strong dose of self
discipline and a plan of attack, a new financial future can be on the
horizon.  For more information on credit cards or related topics please see our
library of articles . Want to know more about credit repair? Below are
articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Credit Repair:
How to get back your credit &ndash; Is your credit in disarray? Are you
constantly looking at those ads on TV that promise to help you get back
your credit?  Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card Offers? - If you have filed for
bankruptcy in the last few years and still find yourself getting new
credit card offers in the mail, you aren't alone. It seems that credit
card issuers either don't care or aren't aware of many consumers' credit
situations. Credit and Consumer Rights &ndash; A good credit rating is
very important. Businesses inspect your credit history when they evaluate
your applications for credit, insurance, employment, and even leases.
Repairing Credit Card Debt &ndash; Having trouble paying your bills?
Getting notices from creditors? Are your accounts being turned over to
debt collectors? Are you worried about losing your home or your car?    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Old Credit Card Debt Can Come Back To Haunt You Article describing how old
credit card debt can come back to haunt you if you are a consumer who has
declared bankruptcy but a transfer to a 0% APR credit card can help. Old
Credit Card Debt Can Come Back To Haunt You Article describing how old
credit card debt can come back to haunt you if you are a consumer who has
declared bankruptcy but a transfer to a 0% APR credit card can help. Old
Credit Card Debt Can Come Back To Haunt You Article describing how old
credit card debt can come back to haunt you if you are a consumer who has
declared bankruptcy but a transfer to a 0% APR credit card can help. Old
Credit Card Debt Can Come Back To Haunt You Article describing how old
credit card debt can come back to haunt you if you are a consumer who has
declared bankruptcy but a transfer to a 0% APR credit card can help. Old
Credit Card Debt Can Come Back To Haunt You Article describing how old
credit card debt can come back to haunt you if you are a consumer who has
declared bankruptcy but a transfer to a 0% APR credit card can help. 
credit card debt, credit card, bankruptcy, 0% APR 