  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Online Account Management Online Account Management
So, you have a new credit card or maybe an old favorite that you have
managed the old fashioned way by reviewing paper billing statements
sending payments back through the mail . The internet continues to make
our lives easier in so many ways and it only makes sense to leverage
technology to it's fullest to make your financial life as easy as
possible.  How does one get started in order to manage your credit card account online
and pay bills with the push of a button? The first place to start is to
determine your bank or credit card issuer's website address. Normally it
is not to obscure - simply look it up through a search engine like Yahoo!
or Google by typing in your bank name to find the exact address. The web
address is also often listed on the back of your credit card. You can call
the toll-free customer service number listed on the back of the card as
well to access additional help, if needed. Once you've obtained the
website address it's simply a matter of establishing online access to view
your information through the bank's website. This requires choosing a user
ID and password. Once this is done the bank will usually send the account
holder a confirmation email and often a temporary ID is mailed to the
permanent address of the account holder. The temporary ID is often mailed
because it adds an important layer of security to ensure it is actually
the cardholder or bank customer that is requesting online access to the
account. Since this process can take over one week to complete, it's
important not to wait just prior to a bill coming due before assuming it
can be paid online.  Once access is established, financial life gets much simpler. Customers can
view available credit lines, recent charges as well as make payment on
current card balances due. Another great thing about using online account
management for credit cards is the ability to pay many third party bills
automatically. These types of recurring payments are growing in acceptance
by many types of service providers that once only accepted checks for
payments. Utility providers such as cable TV, gas and electric, city
services and wireless phone and internet now accept online payments by
credit card. Even things like mortgage and rent can often be charged by
credit card. If you have a rewards credit card, paying monthly,
non-discretionary bills can really help ad up points, cash back or miles
that otherwise would take much longer to accumulate. Smart consumers look
for every way possible to move everyday spending from cash or check to a
rewards credit card. If you are not able to pay your balance off in full
each month it's probably not a good idea to make non-discretionary core
payments like mortgage, rent or utilities on a credit card, however.
Credit card purchases can get out of hand really quickly if you add
discretionary and non-discretionary items together. It's best to live
within your means - and some types of cards can help get you back on the
road to financial health like those that offer 0% interest for a year
while you pay off the principal .  Online account management is a wonderful convenience of the age in which we
live. If you haven't made this transition in your financial life it might
finally be time. For additional articles and tips about credit and credit
card related issues, please visit our articles section. Related credit
card topics highlighting credit card account management and advice on how
to protect your credit card:  Protecting Your Credit Card &ndash; Specific advice on how to keep general
use credit cards like Visa safe and secure. Limiting Your Financial Loss
&ndash; Learn how to limit you financial loss if a credit card goes
missing. Phishing – What it means and how to prevent it &ndash; Article
describing what Phishing means and how you can prevent being a victim of
identity theft when receiving emails or calls requesting personal
information about a credit card.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Online Account Management Article discussing the methods for setting up
online credit card account management processes to maximize rewards, cash
back and miles on credit cards using recurring payments. Online Account
Management Article discussing the methods for setting up online credit
card account management processes to maximize rewards, cash back and miles
on credit cards using recurring payments. Online Account Management Article
discussing the methods for setting up online credit card account management
processes to maximize rewards, cash back and miles on credit cards using
recurring payments. Online Account Management Article discussing the
methods for setting up online credit card account management processes to
maximize rewards, cash back and miles on credit cards using recurring
payments. Online Account Management Article discussing the methods for
setting up online credit card account management processes to maximize
rewards, cash back and miles on credit cards using recurring payments. 
online account management, credit card, recurring payments, rewards, cash
back, miles 