  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News Pay in the Blink of an Eye with the Chase Blink Card Pay
in the Blink of an Eye with the Chase Blink Card A new credit card
innovation has arrived which will make going through the check out line a
little faster for Chase cardholders, and definitely more profitable for JP
Morgan Chase. The new technology involves a remote scanning system that
allows cardholders to breeze through lines at participating fast food
drive-through locations, convenience stores and drugstores. The list of
participating locations is relatively small at present, but is expected to
grow exponentially over the coming years, as consumer demand is anticipated
to eventually force the conversion of existing retail payment platforms to
the new card scanners.  There is the potential for the new technology to tempt customers to spend
more and could also present identity theft problems. In a related move,
MasterCard has also issued its PayPass card, which could soon enable
customers to make purchases through cell phones and key chains. And, not
to be outdone, American Express will offer its contact-less technology
product, called Express Pay, later this year. The scanning technology,
radio frequency identification more commonly known as RFID , is new for
credit cards, but has been in existence for many years at toll booths and
more recently seen use in helping with inventory logistics with large
retailers like Wal-Mart. The Chase Blink Card provides the same
information that is stored on a card's magnetic strip, located on the
reverse side of the card. But, since there is no card swipe involved or
signature required consumers can have faster transactions. And, merchants
can process even more customer transactions in a given amount of time,
which should improve the bottom line.  Increased Spending While the Blink Card technology will make paying for
purchases much faster and convenient, another interesting finding has
emerged. People seem to be spending more. Maybe it's the same process
evidenced with comparing credit card spending to cash, where it's less
painful to spend with plastic and therefore easier to justify bigger
purchases. This same phenomenon is present with betting poker chips rather
than cold hard cash. The casinos realize that people are less inhibited
when not dealing with actual currency. Any convenience added to the
process seems to increase the detachment level consumers feel with their
hard earned cash. While this is great for card issuers and merchants, it
may not be so good for the public. As with normal credit cards, continued
financial discipline should also be exercised. Identity Theft Issues
Consumer advocates have questioned whether this new line of high-tech
convenience cards will actually work in a way that compromises consumer
security, increasing the growing problem of identity theft. But issuers
like Chase , MasterCard and American Express insist that no new security
breaches are introduced with this service – if anything it should lower
the potential of someone accessing personal card information since only
the last four digits of the card number are made available to retail
employees at checkout. All other relevant data is transmitted from the
scanner to the card issuer.  Bottom Line So, at the end of the day, is the new blink technology worth
getting. For consumers that like to be on the cutting edge, probably. With
check out times sped up by an estimated 30% to 40%, it's not hard to see
the payoff. But, not unlike having a faster car, having a faster card will
require more responsibility on the part of consumers. For other credit and
credit card related news, please visit our news center .  Want more news about reward credit cards? Below are news articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: The New Chase Love the Double
Promotion Could Have You Seeing Double &ndash; Article detailing the new
Love the Double reward promotion by Chase Credit Card Services where
cardholders of their credit cards can earn double rewards. How To
Determine Which Reward Credit Card Is For You – Helpful ways to figure out
the best type of reward credit card program for your needs. Reward Credit
Cards – Compare leading Reward Cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Pay in the Blink of an Eye with the Chase Blink Card Article detailing the
technology behind the new chase blink card, allowing cardholders to pay in
the blink of an eye using RFID contact-less payment technology. Pay in the
Blink of an Eye with the Chase Blink Card Article detailing the technology
behind the new chase blink card, allowing cardholders to pay in the blink
of an eye using RFID contact-less payment technology. Pay in the Blink of
an Eye with the Chase Blink Card Article detailing the technology behind
the new chase blink card, allowing cardholders to pay in the blink of an
eye using RFID contact-less payment technology. Pay in the Blink of an Eye
with the Chase Blink Card Article detailing the technology behind the new
chase blink card, allowing cardholders to pay in the blink of an eye using
RFID contact-less payment technology. Pay in the Blink of an Eye with the
Chase Blink Card Article detailing the technology behind the new chase
blink card, allowing cardholders to pay in the blink of an eye using RFID
contact-less payment technology.  chase blink card, technology, Chase,
RFID, Contact-less Payment 