  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Phishing – What it means and how to prevent it
Phishing – What it means and how to prevent it Phishing the attempt to
obtain an individual's credit card and other personal information for
fraudulent use has become a part of the American lexicon in recent years,
and it doesn't involve a lazy afternoon sitting on the dock with a cold
beverage. This type of phishing is an insidious form of fraud primarily
being perpetrated by thieves who pretend to represent legitimate companies
through email and telemarketing.  While the advent of the internet has created an incredible advancement in
convenience, including the use of credit cards for online payments, it has
also proved to be a boon for those who wish to commit fraud. The theft of
information over the internet has been somewhat tempered by online
security measures and consumers can generally feel secure when shopping on
websites that display a lock icon and an https heading in the internet
browser. These are indications that an online retailer offers a highly
secure website employing the latest in secure socket layer technology,
which fully encrypts personal and credit card account data. The situations
that consumers need to guard against almost always involve an individual
voluntarily handing over sensitive personal information. When would anyone
willingly do this, you ask? It happens everyday according to internet
security professionals. What happens is a person will receive an official
looking email from a trusted source, such as their bank, Paypal or eBay.
In other words, a source with which the consumer has had past dealings and
with whom they already have an online account established. The fraudulent
email will come with all the right wording and company logos and will
typically profess to be doing a security check, requiring the customer to
verify personal information.  Since the advent of these so called phishing scams, most financial
companies and online retailers have advised customers to never provide
personal information through an unsolicited email. Reputable companies
will never ask for such information and consumers should be highly
suspicious of any such requests on their behalf. Most banks and retailers
ask that suspicious emails be reported to them in order for their internal
security teams to stay abreast of the latest phishing techniques. So how do
you keep your personal information personal? Don't respond to any requests
that you haven't initiated when it comes to providing sensitive data, such
as date of birth, social security number, mother's maiden name or the
3-digit security code on the back of your card. Even if someone calls you
up and says they are with your credit card company investigating a
potential identity theft. This new scam being perpetrated involves stolen
credit card numbers that are used to contact the real cardholders in order
to obtain the security code on the back of the card. Once this code is
obtained thieves can use a victims's credit card to shop online almost
anywhere, completely anonymously.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles .  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Phishing – What it means and how to prevent it Article describing what
Phishing means and how consumers can prevent being a victim of identity
when receiving emails or calls requesting personal information about a
credit card, advice on online security precautions. Phishing – What it
means and how to prevent it Article describing what Phishing means and how
consumers can prevent being a victim of identity when receiving emails or
calls requesting personal information about a credit card, advice on
online security precautions. Phishing – What it means and how to prevent
it Article describing what Phishing means and how consumers can prevent
being a victim of identity when receiving emails or calls requesting
personal information about a credit card, advice on online security
precautions. Phishing – What it means and how to prevent it Article
describing what Phishing means and how consumers can prevent being a
victim of identity when receiving emails or calls requesting personal
information about a credit card, advice on online security precautions.
Phishing – What it means and how to prevent it Article describing what
Phishing means and how consumers can prevent being a victim of identity
when receiving emails or calls requesting personal information about a
credit card, advice on online security precautions.  phishing, identity
theft, online security 