  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards News Post Holiday
Credit Card Bills Getting You Down? Post Holiday Credit Card Bills Getting
You Down? Now that Christmas, Hanukah and Kwanzaa have faded into history
along with the rest of 2005, we can all look forward to 2006 with new
goals and resolutions for personal improvement. And, many Americans are
probably resolving to eliminate credit card debt in the coming year.  2005 marked the first Holiday shopping season where online shopping
purchase volume exceeded that of traditional offline spending made in
brick and mortar retail stores. And this means that the vast majority of
online sales were performed with credit cards. That's because credit cards
and e-commerce are closely intertwined in the virtual world and continue to
fuel each other's growth. The first few months of every new year bring the
bad news of credit card bills which must be paid. While the Holidays are a
time of free spending and frivolity, January and February are often the
hangover after the big party. But there are options for those who find
themselves in the high-interest hot seat. Two words best describe the wise
course of action: balance transfer . Virtually every credit card issuer has
a few credit card products that are specifically tailored to those
consumers burdened by high-interest balances held with other banks or
financial institutions. And, generally, banks will compete to gain access
to your balances. This is because they realize that once you carry their
card in your wallet the odds are in their favor that you will be a
long-term customer. Call it the force of inertia, but it is generally true
that most consumers will stay with their present credit card product for at
least four years.  Now, if you have a strong loyalty to your current card that is charging
high interest you can still find options. It can be a good idea to contact
your current bank to discuss having them lower your rate. It might be
necessary to threaten to take your business elsewhere if they are
uncooperative, as it is quite easy to find a great 0% APR on a balance
transfer through CreditCards.com . Regardless of which card you carry, a
good interest rate should be your goal if you tend to have an outstanding
balance from month to month. And, while it might not be feasible or even
advisable to switch cards every time your introductory APR expires, it
could be a good strategy to shop and compare balance transfer offers every
few years. That way, you can be sure you are enjoying the lowest rates in
the marketplace over time. For more information on credit cards or related
topics please see our library of articles .  Want more news about American Express? Below are news articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Credit Card Debt
Consolidation – Get Debt Free in 2006 &ndash; Credit card debt can be a
debilitating situation that puts a drag on your personal finances and
limits your options for doing many other things in life. How 0% APR credit
cards can save you money &ndash; Many times, credit card companies offer a
low introductory rate that will give you a low interest rate on a credit
card for only a short period of time, usually 6 months.  Have Bad Credit and Need a Credit Card? There is a credit card for you
&ndash; Think that a bad credit rating on a credit report will prevent you
from obtaining a credit card? Think again.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Post Holiday Credit Card Bills Getting You Down? Article asking consumers
if post holiday credit cards are getting them down and how a strategy to
eliminate credit card debt with a 0% APR credit card through
creditcards.com can be a good strategy. Post Holiday Credit Card Bills
Getting You Down? Article asking consumers if post holiday credit cards
are getting them down and how a strategy to eliminate credit card debt
with a 0% APR credit card through creditcards.com can be a good strategy.
Post Holiday Credit Card Bills Getting You Down? Article asking consumers
if post holiday credit cards are getting them down and how a strategy to
eliminate credit card debt with a 0% APR credit card through
creditcards.com can be a good strategy. Post Holiday Credit Card Bills
Getting You Down? Article asking consumers if post holiday credit cards
are getting them down and how a strategy to eliminate credit card debt
with a 0% APR credit card through creditcards.com can be a good strategy.
Post Holiday Credit Card Bills Getting You Down? Article asking consumers
if post holiday credit cards are getting them down and how a strategy to
eliminate credit card debt with a 0% APR credit card through
creditcards.com can be a good strategy.  credit card, eliminate credit
card debt, credit cards, 0% APR, balance transfer, creditcards.com 