    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Home Privacy CreditCards.com Privacy Policy  CreditCards.com Privacy Statement Introduction: CreditCards.com has a
strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our customers,
including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that
visitors to our website may have questions about how this website collects
and uses information. We have prepared this statement to inform you of the
privacy principles that govern CreditCards.com This statement contains
numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect
your privacy concerns. The bottom line is that meeting your needs and
expectations form the foundation of everything we do - including
protecting your privacy. This website does not collect personally
identifiable information from your computer when you browse the site. This
means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally
identifiable information, we will not know your name, your e-mail address,
or any other personally identifiable information. Internet Protocol IP
Address: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your
computer when you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our
site, our servers log the user's current IP address. We use IP addresses
to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to any personally
identifiable information about you.  Privacy Statement Concerning the Use of Cookies - CreditCards.com does not
employ the use of cookies on it's website. However, CreditCards.com cannot
guarantee that all sites that are linked to from our site employ the same
policies. Please review each individual site's privacy policy. Securing
the Transmission and Storage of Information: All credit card applications
listed with CreditCards.com use a Secured Sockets Layer SSL line provided
you are using a SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or
Netscape Navigator. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it
travels over the Internet. This secure mode is enabled before any such
information is transmitted from your computer. You will know you are in
secure mode when the padlock or key icon in the lower right-hand or
left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position.
You will usually only see this icon only when you are filling out an
application. In addition, when accessing a secure server, the first
characters of the site address will change from http to https.  CreditCards.com Privacy Statement Changes: In the future, we may need to
change the privacy statement for CreditCards.com. All changes will be made
here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might
use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Privacy - CreditCards.com Discussion of the privacy policy for
creditcards.com and how the website will not share personal information
with third party advertisers.  Privacy - CreditCards.com Discussion of the
privacy policy for creditcards.com and how the website will not share
personal information with third party advertisers.  Privacy -
CreditCards.com Discussion of the privacy policy for creditcards.com and
how the website will not share personal information with third party
advertisers.  Privacy - CreditCards.com Discussion of the privacy policy
for creditcards.com and how the website will not share personal
information with third party advertisers.  Privacy - CreditCards.com
Discussion of the privacy policy for creditcards.com and how the website
will not share personal information with third party advertisers.  
privacy, privacy, personal information, information sharing 