  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Protecting Your Credit Cards Protecting Your Credit
Cards When most people think of protecting their credit cards, they are
thinking about protecting their credit or credit ranking, not the actual
card. As a responsible credit card user, you want to ensure you will get
the best rates and benefits associated with a strong credit rating.
However, it is not enough to safeguard your credit card s usage. You must
also ensure that your credit card and credit card number do not fall into
the hands of those who do not care about your financial responsibilities.
Do not allow your credit card information to unwittingly reach the eyes of
those who see your personal credit card as free money.  To ensure that your credit card remains safe from unauthorized charges,
here are a few ways you can protect your credit: Don t give your account
number out over the phone without knowing why. &ndash; Know who is asking
for your number on the phone before giving out the number. Make sure that
person is employed by a reputable catalogue company, organization or
business. Don t use your card on an unsecured Website. &ndash; Online
purchases are fast and easy. However, unless the Website is secure, your
credit card number is at risk for being stolen. Use only Websites that
explicitly state they are secure and reputable businesses and for which
such claims can be verified.  Don t put your account number on the outside of an envelope or on a
postcard. &ndash; Anyone could see this information. If necessary, include
any credit card or account numbers on information inside the envelope only
and make sure such details can t be seen through the envelope. Don't sign
a blank charge slip. &ndash; Always know how much the charge will be and
verify the amount from the receipt given to you. Get and destroy charge
carbons from stores. &ndash; When you receive your charge receipt, you
should also get the charge carbons from the store. Note: some store use
carbonless charge slips nowadays to ensure your credit safety. If the
cashier does not give you the carbon, ask for it immediately and then tear
it up into small pieces before throwing it away. Check your monthly
statement. &ndash; Don t automatically pay your credit card bill each
month or let it sit on your desk. Open your statement immediately and look
closely at each listed charge to verify the amount and whether you actually
made such a purchase. If something is wrong, contact your credit card
company immediately. This way, you will be able to determine if there was
an error or whether any other recent unauthorized charges have been made
to your card.  Cut up old cards through the account number. &ndash; When you get a new
card or close an account, cut up the old card through the account number
so it can t be identified. Protect your credit card and pin numbers at
ATMs or when using the telephone. &ndash; If you use your credit card for
cash advances or for long distance charges on a payphone, be sure to stay
aware of the people around you. Some credit card thieves memorize credit
card and pin numbers from the buttons you push on the phone. Use your body
to block anyone s line of vision. Carry as few cards as possible. &ndash;
People with multiple credit cards should only carry a few that they
anticipate using. For example, if you carry an emergency card and a gas
card, you don t also need to carry another general credit card like a VISA
or a store credit card, unless you plan to go to that store. By being
selective in the card you carry, if you happen to lose your wallet or
purse, only a few cards are at risk of being misused, rather than all of
them. If you do lose a credit card, report it immediately.  Though most credit card companies and banks offer unauthorized protection,
ultimately, you are responsible for how your credit card is used. Your
credit rating is important, so protect your credit the way you would
protect a wallet full of cash. For more information on how to protect your
credit cards or on how to resolve problems from unauthorized charges,
contact your credit card issuer or your financial advisor. For other
credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library of
articles . Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms  Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts Choosing the Right Credit Card for You
Limiting Your Financial Loss  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Protecting Your Credit Card Article on protecting your credit cards -
including your credit ranking, credit card information and personal credit
card; Specific advice on how to keep general use credit cards like Visa
safe and secure Protecting Your Credit Card Article on protecting your
credit cards - including your credit ranking, credit card information and
personal credit card; Specific advice on how to keep general use credit
cards like Visa safe and secure Protecting Your Credit Card Article on
protecting your credit cards - including your credit ranking, credit card
information and personal credit card; Specific advice on how to keep
general use credit cards like Visa safe and secure Protecting Your Credit
Card Article on protecting your credit cards - including your credit
ranking, credit card information and personal credit card; Specific advice
on how to keep general use credit cards like Visa safe and secure
Protecting Your Credit Card Article on protecting your credit cards -
including your credit ranking, credit card information and personal credit
card; Specific advice on how to keep general use credit cards like Visa
safe and secure  credit card, credit ranking, Visa 