Reasons For A Small Business Credit Card    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Reasons For A Small Business Credit Card Reasons For
A Small Business Credit Card Small businesses in the U.S. are growing
faster than ever and continue to be the backbone of the American economy.
To grow and operate efficiently small businesses need access to all types
of capital, and in particular unsecured credit offered through small
business credit cards . The number one reason for business failures
involves insufficient capital and business credit cards can help smooth
out the ups and downs of small business capital needs. Listed below are
greater details on why small businesses can benefit from a corporate
credit card.  Extending Cash Flow For businesses that rely on consistent cash flow to pay
for supplies or contactors such as landscapers, hair salons, interior
designers , a business credit card that can aid in purchasing items from
clients before invoicing customers is ideal. For example, a landscaper may
use a credit card at the beginning of the month to buy materials from a
wholesale nursery and then pay it off when the statement comes, after the
customer has paid. This way, money paid out does not need to come out of
the landscaper's cash accounts. If your business falls under this
situation, you should look for a business credit card with high credit
limits and benefits for paying off within 30 days. If your billing cycle
to customers goes longer than 30 days, look for a low interest credit card
so it won't matter if you carry a balance for a month or two.  Flexible Credit Limits Credit limits for business credit cards come in two
varieties – preset by the credit card company and no-preset. Credit cards
with preset limits are usually fairly generous and normally do not carry
an annual fee. Business credit cards with no-preset spending limits, such
as those from American Express do carry an annual fee but offer the
flexibility. If your business spending is prone to significant spikes due
to inventory purchases, for example, a credit card with no-preset limits
can offer welcome flexibility. However, if you are the type of business
that works primarily on a cash basis or that doesn't need to purchase
inventory on a regular basis then a credit card for periodic or emergency
uses would be best. Look for a small business credit card that offers a
moderate credit limit with a low annual percentage rate APR . This way, if
extra money is needed, it is available for your business and can be paid
out over time. Business Credit Cards with Rewards Businesses that require
frequent travel and/or client entertaining should look at business credit
cards that offer reward benefits. For example, frequent flyer business
credit cards offer benefits both for making charges to their cards and for
flying their airlines. Business spending can also be leveraged to earn
significant cash back or merchandise rewards. Consult with your accountant
on how these benefits can be used for either business or personal use.  Expense Reporting Maintaining proper records is crucial for small business
expense reporting and profitability analysis. Credit card statements –
particularly year end statements can be invaluable for small businesses to
monitor spending by category, report rewards and simplify tax preparation.
How your business chooses to use credit needs to be discussed between you
and your financial advisor or accountant. Making the right choice when it
comes to a business credit card can help make your business more of a
success.  Want to know more about business credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Reward Options for Business
Credit Cards &ndash; Opportunities to earn rewards, cash back and airline
miles with business credit cards. Using a Business Credit Card to Manage
Expenses &ndash; The advantages and methods of using a business credit
card to track and manage expense records. Business Credit Cards &ndash;
Compare leading corporate & business credit cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Reasons For A Small Business Credit Card Listing and detail of reasons for
a small business need a credit card, i.e. business credit card or
corporate credit card for unsecured credit purposes to access capital with
a low interest rate credit card; for options on credit cards with airline
frequent flyer miles, cash back, rewards and a low annual percentage rate
visit our business credit card section Reasons For A Small Business Credit
Card Listing and detail of reasons for a small business need a credit card,
i.e. business credit card or corporate credit card for unsecured credit
purposes to access capital with a low interest rate credit card; for
options on credit cards with airline frequent flyer miles, cash back,
rewards and a low annual percentage rate visit our business credit card
section Reasons For A Small Business Credit Card Listing and detail of
reasons for a small business need a credit card, i.e. business credit card
or corporate credit card for unsecured credit purposes to access capital
with a low interest rate credit card; for options on credit cards with
airline frequent flyer miles, cash back, rewards and a low annual
percentage rate visit our business credit card section Reasons For A Small
Business Credit Card Listing and detail of reasons for a small business
need a credit card, i.e. business credit card or corporate credit card for
unsecured credit purposes to access capital with a low interest rate credit
card; for options on credit cards with airline frequent flyer miles, cash
back, rewards and a low annual percentage rate visit our business credit
card section Reasons For A Small Business Credit Card Listing and detail
of reasons for a small business need a credit card, i.e. business credit
card or corporate credit card for unsecured credit purposes to access
capital with a low interest rate credit card; for options on credit cards
with airline frequent flyer miles, cash back, rewards and a low annual
percentage rate visit our business credit card section  small business
credit card, business credit cards, corporate credit card, low interest
credit card, credit cards, airline frequent flyer cards, cash back rewards 