  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Rebuild Your Credit with the Eufora Prepaid
MasterCard Rebuild Your Credit with the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard Many
people, including those with no credit history or with less than perfect
credit or with bad credit due to late payments or outright bankruptcy, do
not have as many options when it comes to credit cards. Banks and credit
card issuers make their credit decisions based on the perceived risk of
applicants. And, if someone does not possess a history of successful and
responsible use of credit, issuers generally will not consider them for
their best credit card offers.  But now there are new options for students, those without bank accounts or
a successful track record of steady, consistent debt repayments. Consider
the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard , for instance. This product, unlike the
majority of prepaid credit cards , can help build a credit history or
repair a damaged credit rating. This is because the Eufora Prepaid
MasterCard reports directly to the major credit bureaus. These are the
same credit reporting agencies that all major banks and credit card
issuers utilize to judge credit applicants creditworthiness. So once a
person gets and uses their Eufora MasterCard, they begin building a solid
credit rating. The Eufora MasterCard works differently than a standard
credit card, in that it is funded by the cardholder rather than the
issuing bank. With a regular credit card the bank is actually lending you
the money and then allows you to pay it back at the end of the month or
extend payments over time. Extending payments, either through only paying
the minimum required payment or applying a fixed payment amount that is
less than the amount owed, will trigger finance charges with a credit
card. But, with a prepaid debit card there are no finance charges. You
essentially pay as you go because the debit card carries a stored value
equal to the amount that has been preloaded.  Another defining feature of the Eufora MasterCard that makes it ideal for
those without a positive credit rating is that it guarantees that all
applicants will be approved. Standard credit card products can’t make that
claim, even when they pre-approve applicants. And, after you get the card
you can reload it online, either manually or when it falls below preset
thresholds that you set. Add to that standard MasterCard features such as
zero liability for unauthorized purchases, worldwide acceptance and global
customer assistance, and you can see that the Eufora MasterCard can be a
great value for those needing to build or rebuild credit.  Want to know more about prepaid MasterCards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How Do Prepaid Debit Cards
Differ from Bank Debit and ATM Cards? &ndash; An overview of the history
and uses of different types of debit cards. New Technology Features
Offered for Prepaid Debit Cards &ndash; The latest innovations for prepaid
debit cards. Prepaid Debit Cards &ndash; Compare leading prepaid debit
cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Rebuild Your Credit with the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard Article showing how
to rebuild credit with the Eufora prepaid mastercard for those with bad
credit. Rebuild Your Credit with the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard Article
showing how to rebuild credit with the Eufora prepaid mastercard for those
with bad credit. Rebuild Your Credit with the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard
Article showing how to rebuild credit with the Eufora prepaid mastercard
for those with bad credit. Rebuild Your Credit with the Eufora Prepaid
MasterCard Article showing how to rebuild credit with the Eufora prepaid
mastercard for those with bad credit. Rebuild Your Credit with the Eufora
Prepaid MasterCard Article showing how to rebuild credit with the Eufora
prepaid mastercard for those with bad credit.  rebuild credit, eufora
prepaid mastercard, credit cards, bankruptcy, bad credit 