  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Reviewing Your Credit Report Yearly Reviewing Your
Credit Report Yearly It is critical that you periodically review your
credit report for inaccuracies or omissions, especially if you're
considering making a major purchase, such as buying a home. Checking in
advance on the accuracy of information in your credit file could speed the
credit-granting process.  If you've been denied credit, insurance, or employment because of
information supplied by a CRA, the FCRA says the company you applied to
must give you the CRA's name, address, and telephone number. If you
contact the agency for a copy of your report within 60 days of receiving a
denial notice, the report is free. In addition, you're entitled to one free
copy of your report a year if you certify in writing that 1 you're
unemployed and plan to look for a job within 60 days, 2 you're on welfare,
or 3 your report is inaccurate because of fraud. Otherwise, a CRA may
charge you up to $9.00 for a copy of your report. You can request a copy
of your credit report by simply calling a credit bureau. The three
national credit bureaus are:  Equifax P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241; 800 685-1111 Experian
formerly TRW P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013; 888 EXPERIAN 397-3742 Trans
Union P.O. Box 1000, Chester, PA 19022; 800 916-8800. Under the FCRA, both
the CRA and the organization that provided the information, such as a bank
or credit card company, have responsibilities for correcting inaccurate or
incomplete information in your report. To protect all your rights under the
law, contact both the CRA and the information provider. First, tell the CRA
in writing what information you believe is inaccurate. Include copies NOT
originals of documents that support your position and all pertinent
information. Enclose a copy of your report with the items in question
circled. Send your letter by certified mail, return receipt requested, so
you can document what the CRA received. Keep copies of your dispute
letter. CRAs must reinvestigate the items in question unless they consider
your dispute frivolous. Disputed information that cannot be verified must
be deleted from your file. If your report contains erroneous information,
the CRA must correct it. If an item is incomplete, the CRA must complete
it. If your file shows an account that belongs to another person, the CRA
must delete it. When the reinvestigation is complete, the CRA must give
you the written results and a free copy of your report if the dispute
results in a change.  Upon request, the CRA must send notices of corrections to anyone who
received your report in the past six months. Job applicants can have a
corrected copy of their report sent to anyone who received a copy during
the past two years for employment purposes. Second, tell the creditor or
other information provider in writing that you dispute an item. When
negative information in your report is accurate, only the passage of time
can assure its removal. Accurate negative information will stay on your
report for seven years, but there are exceptions: &bull; Information about
criminal convictions may be reported without any time limitation. &bull;
Bankruptcy information may be reported for 10 years. &bull; Credit
information reported in response to an application for a job with a salary
of more than $75,000 has no time limit. &bull; Credit information reported
because of an application for more than $150,000 worth of credit or life
insurance has no time limit. &bull; Information about a lawsuit or an
unpaid judgment against you can be reported for seven years or until the
statute of limitations runs out, whichever is longer. &bull; Criminal
convictions can be reported without any time limit.  Your credit file may not reflect all your credit accounts. Although most
national department store and all-purpose bank credit card accounts will
be included in your file, not all creditors supply information to CRAs. If
you've been told you were denied credit because of an insufficient credit
file or no credit file and you have accounts with creditors that don't
appear in your credit file, ask the CRA to add this information to future
reports. You should, note that if these creditors do not report to the CRA
on a regular basis, these added items will not be updated in your file.
Below is a sample letter that could be used to dispute an inaccurate
credit report.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date Your Name Your Address Your City, State, Zip Code Complaint Department
Name of Credit Reporting Agency Address City, State, Zip Code Dear Sir or
Madam:  I am writing to dispute the following information in my file. The items I
dispute are also encircled on the attached copy of the report I received.
Identify item s disputed by name of source, such as creditors or tax
court, and identify type of item, such as credit account, judgment, etc.
This item is inaccurate or incomplete because describe what is inaccurate
or incomplete and why . I am requesting that the item be deleted or
request another specific change to correct the information. Enclosed are
copies of use this sentence if applicable and describe any enclosed
documentation, such as payment records, court documents supporting my
position. Please reinvestigate this these matter s and delete or correct
the disputed item s as soon as possible. Sincerely, Your name Enclosures:
List what you are enclosing
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Taking care of credit history will help you protect not only your future
buying power, but will ensure you are not a victim of credit fraud or
identity left. If you have questions about how this can affect your
specific financial situation, contact your accountant of financial
advisor.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts
Protecting Your Credit Card Limiting Your Financial Loss    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Reviewing Your Credit Report Yearly Advice on reviewing your credit report
yearly including checking for credit card payment behavior reported by
issuers of credit cards on your credit report with Experian, Equifax and
Trans Union Reviewing Your Credit Report Yearly Advice on reviewing your
credit report yearly including checking for credit card payment behavior
reported by issuers of credit cards on your credit report with Experian,
Equifax and Trans Union Reviewing Your Credit Report Yearly Advice on
reviewing your credit report yearly including checking for credit card
payment behavior reported by issuers of credit cards on your credit report
with Experian, Equifax and Trans Union Reviewing Your Credit Report Yearly
Advice on reviewing your credit report yearly including checking for
credit card payment behavior reported by issuers of credit cards on your
credit report with Experian, Equifax and Trans Union Reviewing Your Credit
Report Yearly Advice on reviewing your credit report yearly including
checking for credit card payment behavior reported by issuers of credit
cards on your credit report with Experian, Equifax and Trans Union  credit
report, Equifax, Experian, Trans Union 