  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Saving for College with the UPromise Credit Card
Saving for College with the UPromise Credit Card Most people realize that
in today's financial marketplace there are credit cards that offer savings
through 0% APR or ones that offer great rewards. But now, there is a way to
actually leverage everyday spending to apply rewards toward higher
education for your children or other family members.  The pioneer in the arena is an organization called UPromise, which was
started about five years ago in the northeast to enable parents to earn
rewards by shopping with participating merchants. The program was taken a
step further by adding a credit card component a few years later in
partnership with Citibank. It is possible to belong to the UPromise
program without getting the Citi UPromise Credit Card , but the earnings
accumulate much faster when rewards are earned on every dollar spent on a
credit card. The basic rewards program is free to join and use. The
UPromise Credit Card has no annual fee and offers 0% APR balance transfers
for 12 months. The way the program works is quite simple. Consumers can go
to the organization's website to register any credit card they own and use
at www.UPromise.com. Then, rewards are automatically recorded and stored in
the customer's password-protected account online. The rewards can also be
transferred out of the UPromise account at certain intervals into a
tax-deferred 529 account that can allow the funds to grow through managed
investments.  A truly unique feature of the UPromise program is that it allows multiple
cards and multiple individuals to sign up for the benefit of a single
child's education fund. That way parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles,
cousins and friends of the family can join together to harness their
everyday spending to help add to a child's education savings. And, the
program operates independently from any existing rewards program that the
individuals may have on their credit cards. Therefore, so no one involved
has to forego their own points, miles or cash back rewards. So, is it a
smart move to get the Citi UPromise Credit Card ? That's ultimately a
personal decision a parent must make, relative to the other great credit
cards available. But, if you have young children, it may make perfect
sense to take advantage of your personal spending, and potentially the
credit card spending of friends and relatives, to help fund such a major
and important expense in life.  Want to know more about high school and college student credit cards? Below
are articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Comparing
Student Credit Cards vs. Debit Cards &ndash; Discussion of the relative
advantages of both credit and debit cards for students. How to Establish
Credit with a Student Credit Card &ndash; Ways to quickly build a
successful credit history with a student credit card.  Student Credit Card Offers &ndash; Compare leading student credit cards
side by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Saving for College with the UPromise Credit Card Article concerning saving
for college with the UPromise credit card and other credit cards, allowing
parents to save through 0% APR balance transfers and cash back rewards on
purchases at participating merchants. Saving for College with the UPromise
Credit Card Article concerning saving for college with the UPromise credit
card and other credit cards, allowing parents to save through 0% APR
balance transfers and cash back rewards on purchases at participating
merchants. Saving for College with the UPromise Credit Card Article
concerning saving for college with the UPromise credit card and other
credit cards, allowing parents to save through 0% APR balance transfers
and cash back rewards on purchases at participating merchants. Saving for
College with the UPromise Credit Card Article concerning saving for
college with the UPromise credit card and other credit cards, allowing
parents to save through 0% APR balance transfers and cash back rewards on
purchases at participating merchants. Saving for College with the UPromise
Credit Card Article concerning saving for college with the UPromise credit
card and other credit cards, allowing parents to save through 0% APR
balance transfers and cash back rewards on purchases at participating
merchants.  credit cards, credit card, Citi UPromise, 0% APR balance
transfers 