Think Twice Before Canceling an Old Credit Card    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Think Twice Before Canceling an Old Credit Card Think
Twice Before Canceling an Old Credit Card With all the negative press about
credit cards and credit card debt, it's really tempting for most people to
go through their wallet and start weeding out unused or high interest
credit cards. But, before you get out the scissors and pick up the phone
to call that customer service number, consider a few things first.  First and foremost, is the fact that canceling a credit card that you have
had for many years could actually hurt your credit score. That's right, it
could actually shave precious points off that magical number that lenders
use as a beacon when deciding whether to grant new credit and at what
rate. Credit experts agree that canceling a vintage credit card that has
provided an historical view of your spending and debt repayment behavior
could be detrimental to a person's credit score. Another factor to
consider is why you chose that particular credit card as the one to
cancel. Is it because of the interest rate? If so, you could call the
issuer to request a more reasonable APR and threaten to cancel if they
don't grant your request. Or, perhaps it's something more frivolous, like
you don't like the way the card looks. If this is the case, many issuers
can let you choose from among a number of new and exciting credit card
designs that might entice you to pull it out of your wallet or purse more
often.  But more than likely, if you are like most people, the reason you choose to
cancel a card is that you have simply stopped using it and it's collecting
dust in some drawer. Even when this is the case, you should stop and think
before pulling the trigger on canceling. It is far better to try and get
that oldest credit card functioning at an acceptable level, either through
renegotiating the rate, adding rewards or changing the design. If none of
these quick-fixes work in making that old plastic welcome again in your
purse or wallet, strongly consider throwing it back in that drawer to use
as an emergency backup card. While it's bad to have too many credit cards
in terms of credit scores, not having enough credit can really put you in
a squeeze in an emergency. Now, all this isn't to say that you shouldn't
consider getting a new credit card from time to time. It's important in
today's competitive credit card marketplace to take advantage of some the
great 0% APR , cash back and reward credit card offers that are available.
But in order to keep you credit rating as high as possible, you should be
very reluctant to vote your oldest credit card off the island to make room
for that shiny new model.  For more information on credit cards or related topics please see our
library of articles . Want to know more about credit repair? Below are
articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Universal
Default – What it is and How to Avoid It &ndash; Universal default is a
relatively new provision that has been added to the card member terms and
conditions by credit card companies.  Credit Repair: How to get back your credit &ndash; Is your credit in
disarray? Are you constantly looking at those ads on TV that promise to
help you get back your credit? Bankrupt and Still Getting Credit Card
Offers? - If you have filed for bankruptcy in the last few years and still
find yourself getting new credit card offers in the mail, you aren't alone.
It seems that credit card issuers either don't care or aren't aware of many
consumers' credit situations.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Think Twice Before Canceling an Old Credit Card Article recommending
consumers think twice before canceling an old credit card because
canceling a credit card due to high rates on outstanding credit card debt
can hurt a person's credit score; other options including keeping an old
card and requesting features like 0% APR, cash back or rewards on an
existing card. Think Twice Before Canceling an Old Credit Card Article
recommending consumers think twice before canceling an old credit card
because canceling a credit card due to high rates on outstanding credit
card debt can hurt a person's credit score; other options including
keeping an old card and requesting features like 0% APR, cash back or
rewards on an existing card. Think Twice Before Canceling an Old Credit
Card Article recommending consumers think twice before canceling an old
credit card because canceling a credit card due to high rates on
outstanding credit card debt can hurt a person's credit score; other
options including keeping an old card and requesting features like 0% APR,
cash back or rewards on an existing card. Think Twice Before Canceling an
Old Credit Card Article recommending consumers think twice before
canceling an old credit card because canceling a credit card due to high
rates on outstanding credit card debt can hurt a person's credit score;
other options including keeping an old card and requesting features like
0% APR, cash back or rewards on an existing card. Think Twice Before
Canceling an Old Credit Card Article recommending consumers think twice
before canceling an old credit card because canceling a credit card due to
high rates on outstanding credit card debt can hurt a person's credit
score; other options including keeping an old card and requesting features
like 0% APR, cash back or rewards on an existing card.  credit card, credit
card debt, canceling a credit card, 0% APR, cash back, reward credit card 