  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Simplify Your Bookkeeping with a Corporate or Small
Business Credit Card Simplify Your Bookkeeping with a Corporate or Small
Business Credit Card There are many advantages that a small business
credit card can have for the small business owner. Not only are the
special rewards that small business credit cards offer beneficial, it is a
way to simplify your bookkeeping. You cannot overlook the advantage small
business credit cards can have on your bookkeeping. First, all your
business charges can be put on one card. This enables you keep track of
your business purchases and keeps your business and personal purchases
separate, a must for the small home-based business or for a Fortune 500
company.  Small business credit cards also give you monthly, quarterly, and annual
itemized statements. With this benefit you don t need to track down or
keep every little receipt. At tax time, you will be able to take this
information to your accountant or CPA, saving you both time and money.
Some of these reports even will automatically categorize your purchases
based on common tax return requirements such as Entertainment, Office
Supplies, Postage & Shipping &mdash; another timesaving tool. Small
business credit cards offer many rewards as well that are of great use to
small business owners. Many small business credit cards offer travel
rewards while others offer cash back options. Depending on your type of
business needs you can decide which is best for your business.  Small Business Credit Cards for the Entertaining Type If you the type of
business owner that purchases a lot of office equipment or needs to
entertain clients regularly, you might consider a small business credit
card that offers a cash back reward. These cards allow you to earn money
on certain purchases. Since small business credit cards are tailored to
small business owners, many of the rewards are based on office purchases.
An example is the Discover Card, which gives you a percentage back for
every dollar that you spend. Small Business Credit Cards for the Traveling
Type There are many credit cards that give you traveling rewards. A good
example of this is the American Express Card. With an American Express
Card, you get these rewards when traveling with your American Express
Card: Automatic travel insurance Baggage protection Discounts on hotels
and rental cars Optional traveling benefits, including rental car
protection insurance  There are other benefits to this card, but this kind of card is tailored
specifically for the business owner that travels. There are small business
credit cards available from many of the credit card companies that are
linked to frequent flyer programs. So, that is something a small business
owner who travels might want to look into. Small Business Credit Cards for
those that Carry Balances If you are a business owner that tends to carry a
balance or need to pay bills based on customer invoicing cycles, you might
look into a small business credit card with a low interest rate. Some
credit cards to consider are Visa or MasterCard. Some small business
credit cards give you an introductory 0%APR. You may look into these for
short-term relief of business debt. This can also give you the breathing
room that you need to pay off debt or an influx of cash to get your
business off the ground. There are many small business credit cars to
choose from. Just see which ones meet your business or corporate needs.  Before applying for any credit card, be sure to discuss your specific
financial needs and situation with your financial advisor. For additional
articles and tips about credit and credit card related issues, please
visit our articles section.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Simplify Your Bookkeeping with a Corporate Credit Card article on how to
simplify your bookkeeping with a corporate credit card or small business
credit card.  Simplify Your Bookkeeping with a Corporate Credit Card
article on how to simplify your bookkeeping with a corporate credit card
or small business credit card.  Simplify Your Bookkeeping with a Corporate
Credit Card article on how to simplify your bookkeeping with a corporate
credit card or small business credit card.  Simplify Your Bookkeeping with
a Corporate Credit Card article on how to simplify your bookkeeping with a
corporate credit card or small business credit card.  Simplify Your
Bookkeeping with a Corporate Credit Card article on how to simplify your
bookkeeping with a corporate credit card or small business credit card.  
corporate credit card, simplify bookkeeping, small business credit card 