  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Skimming – What it is and how to avoid being a victim
Skimming – What it is and how to avoid being a victim Skimming is not
exactly a new phenomenon, but it continues to make the news in many
regions around the country. What it involves is a small bit of elicit
technology and some criminal intent on the part retail employees that
enables the theft of credit card information. Skimming most frequently
occurs at retail outlets - particularly bars, restaurants and gas
stations. The crime involves a corrupt employee who skims customer credit
cards with a small, hand-held electronic device that can read the data on
the magnetic strip. The employee usually sells the information through a
contact or on the internet, at which point counterfeit cards can then be
made. Criminals can then go shopping with a copy of the credit card or
debit card with the cardholder unaware of the fraud until a statement
arrives showing purchases they did not make or authorize.  How to prevent yourself from becoming a victim? Closely guard your cards -
treat them in the same way that you would treat your cash. Try not to let
them out of your sight when making a transaction. Monitor credit card
receipts and check them against your statements carefully. If you notice
an unfamiliar transaction, contact your bank or credit card issuer
immediately. The customer service number is printed on the reverse side of
most credit and debit cards. To further protect yourself from potential
unauthorized charges or identity fraud, you can request that credit
bureaus monitor your accounts for unusual spending patterns and require
them to notify you before new credit can be granted in your name. These
services come at a price, normally under $100 per year depending on the
credit agency. But, that is definitely cheaper than the ultimate cost of
identity theft that can be caused by skimming and might be a good
investment if you eat out in restaurants on a regular basis.  What to do if you're a victim of credit card fraud? As stated above –
contact your bank or credit card issuer immediately. If you don't make a
report in a reasonable time frame you may be liable for some or all of the
unauthorized charges. Another step is to contact one of the three major
credit bureaus to request a security freeze to be applied which only
allows new credit to be authorized with your express consent. If your card
is used fraudulently and you still have the card in your possession, you
will not be liable to pay for any part of the losses. You would probably
still have your card in your possession if you are a victim of
card-not-present fraud or if your credit card has been skimmed and a fake
version produced. If someone else uses your credit card before you tell
your card issuer that it has been lost or stolen, the most you will have
to pay, generally, is $50. Fraudulent charges are easier to correct with a
credit card as compared to a debit card since the money has not been taken
out of your personal checking or savings account yet.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles .  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Skimming – What it is and how to avoid being a victim Article describing
what skimming means and how avoid being a victim of identity fraud when
using a credit card to shop or pay restaurant bills. Skimming – What it is
and how to avoid being a victim Article describing what skimming means and
how avoid being a victim of identity fraud when using a credit card to
shop or pay restaurant bills. Skimming – What it is and how to avoid being
a victim Article describing what skimming means and how avoid being a
victim of identity fraud when using a credit card to shop or pay
restaurant bills. Skimming – What it is and how to avoid being a victim
Article describing what skimming means and how avoid being a victim of
identity fraud when using a credit card to shop or pay restaurant bills.
Skimming – What it is and how to avoid being a victim Article describing
what skimming means and how avoid being a victim of identity fraud when
using a credit card to shop or pay restaurant bills.  skimming, credit
card, identity fraud 