  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles How Small Business Credit Cards Differ from Corporate
Cards How Small Business Credit Cards Differ from Corporate Cards When you
say business credit card, the world of options can be a bit confusing. The
largest market for business credit cards tends to be the small business
person. And this only makes sense – the small business sector is the
driving engine of the U.S. economy and creates the lion's share of new
jobs in this country each year. The major issuers of Visa, MasterCard and
American Express consumer credit cards have created products specifically
for the small business sector and their unique payment needs.  But what are the credit card options for larger companies, non-profit
organizations and government organizations that need an efficient method
for procurement of goods and services? There certainly are credit card
product options for these types of entities, but they are often
custom-tailored options provided by certain issuers rather than an off the
shelf, prepackaged product. This is why consumers and small business people
don't see corporate or fleet purchasing card products advertised in
traditional media. These products are normally sold to client
organizations and government entities. The options could best be compared
to insurance health plans in that they are provided by large and for large
organizations and managed through an assigned account management team to
meet the ongoing needs of the client organization. The card payment needs
of fortune 500 companies along with large charitable organizations or even
city, state and federal government departments can be quite complex. Beyond
mere payments capabilities these types of organizations often need to
track, review, approve and reimburse their employees travel and
entertainment expenses through complex, custom designed software programs
that often must interface with human resources platforms.  Another primary distinction between a small business credit card and a
large organization corporate card involves payment responsibility. Small
business credit cards are issued in the personal name of the small
business principal, although his business is jointly responsible for
keeping the business account current. Corporate cards are normally issued
in the name of the corporation, non-profit or government entity name. As
with the nature of the corporate structure in American business law – the
corporation is considered an individual and the liability for repayment is
placed upon the organization and not the individual or individuals using
the cards. The secondary repayment responsibility between the company and
its employees is set and enforced using human resources policies. So,
while the differences between the types of credit cards used within the
business world can be a bit confusing, it's probably a safe bet to assume
any card advertised in the mass media or online is designed for the small
business person. If you or your organization needs a small business credit
card, you can review a list of business credit card offers from Citibank,
American Express and Advanta and apply online for the credit card of your
choice.  Want to know more about business credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Business Credit Cards &ndash;
Compare leading small business and corporate credit cards with frequent
flyer airline miles, cash back rewards programs as well as low 0% APR
credit card offers.  Reward Options for Business Credit Cards &ndash; Opportunities to earn
rewards, cash back and airline miles with business credit cards. Reasons
For A Small Business Credit Card &ndash; Advantages of small business
credit cards to consider.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Businessman's Special – Get $50 with the Business Gold Card the
businessman's special and how to get $50 with the business gold card from
American express, including gold card membership rewards. Businessman's
Special – Get $50 with the Business Gold Card the businessman's special
and how to get $50 with the business gold card from American express,
including gold card membership rewards. Businessman's Special – Get $50
with the Business Gold Card the businessman's special and how to get $50
with the business gold card from American express, including gold card
membership rewards. Businessman's Special – Get $50 with the Business Gold
Card the businessman's special and how to get $50 with the business gold
card from American express, including gold card membership rewards.
Businessman's Special – Get $50 with the Business Gold Card the
businessman's special and how to get $50 with the business gold card from
American express, including gold card membership rewards.  business gold
card, American express, membership rewards, gold card 