    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles So Many Miles, So Little Time So Many Miles, So
Little Time If you are in the market for an airline credit card, you may
be a bit confused as to which one would best suit your needs. And, you're
not alone. Banks and credit card issuers spend millions of dollars each
year trumpeting their particular co-branded frequent flyer credit cards.
But this doesn't help the average consumer determine which one gives the
most bang for the buck.  Probably, the first thing you should ask yourself is what are you going to
do with all the miles that you will earn with a new airline credit card.
Do you want to use the miles for free travel to see relatives during the
holidays? It can be a great cost savings to shuttle the family cross
country at no out of pocket expense. Or, perhaps you want to go someplace
a little exotic for vacation. Well, these two desires can point to
completely different airline frequent flyer card products. Domestic
airline flights are much more attainable in terms of mileage reward
redemptions, both on the major carriers and on discount carriers like
Southwest and JetBlue . Airline seats within the contiguous United States
are also attainable through generic airline reward credit cards like those
offered by Citi, Chase and Discover. These types of cards like the Chase
Value Miles Card allow you to earn one mile per purchase dollar and
provides the option of redeeming miles for a free ticket on any major
airline.  For travel rewards that involve overseas flights you will probably want to
consider an airline rewards card issued in partnership with one of the big
3 airlines American Airlines, United Airlines or Continental Airlines .
These three carriers fly almost everywhere in the world, including Europe,
Asia, South America, Hawaii and the Caribbean. But, airline reward card
members need to understand that vacations to far-flung locales will cost
much more in terms of the miles required. While domestic flights can be
earned with around 25,000 frequent flyer miles, overseas flights typically
require 45,000 – 60,000 miles to even book a free coach ticket. Each major
airline's frequent flyer program is different, so you will need to review
the terms and conditions of each type of offer before deciding which suits
your needs best. If you own a small business, the decision can be a little
easier than for most consumers. This is because there are slightly fewer
choices available that provide business card features along with frequent
flyer rewards. But, these products are no less rewarding a quick look at
the CitiBusiness AAdvantage Card will convince you of that . An added
benefit involves being able to leverage everyday business expenditures to
earn free airline travel. The average consumer can't generate the same
spending capacity as a small business, so the free travel can be earned
that much faster.  So, in a nutshell, the best choice in airline credit cards depends on how
you want to use your miles, which destinations you find most appealing,
which airlines service your city and how much you plan to use your card.
Other factors, like the interest rate, annual fee and brand of card can
also be important in your decision. But, regardless of which card you
choose, the sooner you make the decision the sooner you can begin racking
up those miles. For more information on credit cards or related topics
please visit our library of articles.  Want to know more about airline credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Which Airline Frequent Flyer
Credit Card is Best? &ndash; Finding the best airline credit card that
allows you to earn frequent flyer miles is dependent on your personal
tastes, loyalties and needs. Strategies For Earning A Free Airline Ticket
Sooner &ndash; Ways to leverage airline credit card spending to earn miles
faster. FAQ s About Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards &ndash; Common
questions about airline credit cards answered.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  So Many Miles, So Little Time Article about how there are so many miles and
so little time concerning options for frequent flyer credit cards, also
known as airline credit cards. Examples of good deals include the
CitiBusiness AAdvantage Card and the Chase Value Miles Card. So Many
Miles, So Little Time Article about how there are so many miles and so
little time concerning options for frequent flyer credit cards, also known
as airline credit cards. Examples of good deals include the CitiBusiness
AAdvantage Card and the Chase Value Miles Card. So Many Miles, So Little
Time Article about how there are so many miles and so little time
concerning options for frequent flyer credit cards, also known as airline
credit cards. Examples of good deals include the CitiBusiness AAdvantage
Card and the Chase Value Miles Card. So Many Miles, So Little Time Article
about how there are so many miles and so little time concerning options for
frequent flyer credit cards, also known as airline credit cards. Examples
of good deals include the CitiBusiness AAdvantage Card and the Chase Value
Miles Card. So Many Miles, So Little Time Article about how there are so
many miles and so little time concerning options for frequent flyer credit
cards, also known as airline credit cards. Examples of good deals include
the CitiBusiness AAdvantage Card and the Chase Value Miles Card.  airline
credit card, miles, frequent flyer credit cards, CitiBusiness AAdvantage
Card, Chase Value Miles Card 