    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles So Many Rewards, So Little Time So Many Rewards, So
Little Time There are literally scores of credit card reward programs on
the market today. And, with so many options it can be a daunting task for
the uninitiated to find the one that best fits their needs. The concept of
rewards were created by competition within the credit card industry and the
willingness of issuers to give up, or share, some of their profit with
consumers as a way of creating brand loyalty. Now rewards have become
somewhat of a commodity and are just a cost of doing business for the
credit card companies.  Credit card rewards can take many forms, but all involve an earning process
based on card usage purchases and or balance transfers . To intelligently
sift through all the options, the first question a person should probably
ask is what type of reward is most meaningful to them. While one person
might be persuaded to apply for and use a cash back credit card most
often, another would prefer airline miles. Others might be motivated by
reward points, which actually are the most flexible type of rewards.
Reward credit card points can be used to purchase a wide range of reward
products including name brand merchandise, airline tickets, entertainment,
gift certificates and even cash. Cash back reward credit cards have raised
the bar in recent times. Discover card launched on of the first cash back
programs that paid up to 1% for all card purchases. This meant that the
cash back was earned in a tiered process. For instance, the first $1,500
spent on the card would earn .25% cash back, the next $1,500 would earn
.50%. Only spending above a higher threshold, such as $5,000 would be
entitled to earn a full 1%.  Today's market leaders offer a flat 1% on all purchases and do not require
a tiered earning structure. This is much simpler to understand and
considerably more customer friendly. Certain issuers, such as Citi, Chase
and American Express are even offering an opportunity for cardholders to
earn a full 5% on everyday purchases made at grocery store, drugstore and
gas station locations. These types of rewards include both cash back and
reward point programs. And don't forget frequent flyer airline credit
cards . These programs have become both richer and more numerous in recent
years. New airlines such as JetBlue have entered the fray, and launched a
new airline credit card in partnership with American Express. Most
programs allow you to earn miles or mileage points which can be redeemed
for a free airline ticket once a predetermined threshold is reached.
Generic airline reward programs also have been created by the major credit
card issuers to offer consumers more flexibility. These programs allow
customers to earn a free ticket on any major U.S. airline. The only
limitation is that the miles or points earned can not be transferred or
added to another airline's frequent flyer program.  To sum it all up, simply identify which rewards group you would like to
belong to: Points, miles or cash back. Then, it's just a matter of
visiting our card sections that rank the most popular cards in each
category. There you can shop and compare and apply securely online for the
credit card that best suits your needs. For more information on credit
cards please visit our Credit Card Articles section.  Want to know more about reward credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Leverage Your Household
Spending to Maximize Your Reward Card Program &ndash; Strategies for
getting the most out of your reward credit card with everyday spending.
How to Supersize Your Credit Card Reward Program &ndash; Insider tips for
methods to increase your reward credit card earning power. Reward Credit
Cards &ndash; Compare leading Credit Cards with a Reward Program side by
side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  So Many Rewards, So Little Time So many rewards and so little time to earn
them describes the situation with the multitude of credit card reward
programs outlined, including cash back, reward and airline credit cards
like the JetBlue Card . So Many Rewards, So Little Time So many rewards
and so little time to earn them describes the situation with the multitude
of credit card reward programs outlined, including cash back, reward and
airline credit cards like the JetBlue Card . So Many Rewards, So Little
Time So many rewards and so little time to earn them describes the
situation with the multitude of credit card reward programs outlined,
including cash back, reward and airline credit cards like the JetBlue Card
. So Many Rewards, So Little Time So many rewards and so little time to
earn them describes the situation with the multitude of credit card reward
programs outlined, including cash back, reward and airline credit cards
like the JetBlue Card . So Many Rewards, So Little Time So many rewards
and so little time to earn them describes the situation with the multitude
of credit card reward programs outlined, including cash back, reward and
airline credit cards like the JetBlue Card .  rewards, credit card reward
program, credit card, credit card rewards, cash back, reward credit cards,
airline credit cards, JetBlue 