Site Security Policy CreditCards.com realizes how important security is to
you, so we've taken a number of steps to enhance the protection of
personal or confidential information. First, we only list credit card
offers on this site that link to Secure SSL Encrypted Credit Card
Applications. About Secure SSL Technology Secure SSL technology encodes
information as it is being sent over the Internet between your computer
and the credit card application, helping to ensure that the transmitted
information remains confidential. The use of SSL requires two components:
an SSL-compatible browser and a Web server to perform the key-exchange
that establishes a secure connection to American Express Web server
systems.  The technological requirements needed to benefit from SSL Technology: 1. A
Compliant Browser You will need a browser with SSL capabilities. Examples
of SSL browsers include Netscape 2.0 and above, Microsoft's Internet
Explorer 2.0 and above, and the Web browser for America Online version 3.0
for Windows and above. Note that some older versions of browsers will not
support SSL sessions . In order to securely access your personal or
confidential information via the Internet, we recommend you use the latest
browser versions available. Accessing secure online areas with Netscape
versions before 1.12 Mac or Unix or 1.22 Windows is prohibited due to
security concerns. 2. A Compliant Internet Service Provider Nearly all
Internet Service Providers ISPs automatically enable the SSL session
described above. If you use your company's internal connection to access
the Internet and you find you cannot access the secure application pages
with an SSL browser described above, your company may be blocking access
via a firewall. Please speak to your firm's Internet access systems
administrator for further details on your network's Internet access.  3. Enabled Cookies You also must have enabled cookies on your browser in
order to access confidential information. If you have chosen to disable
cookies on your browser, you will not be able to access confidential
information. In order to bring you the many online products and services
offered by CreditCards.com, we work with carefully selected vendors and
business partners. If we have to share any information with these
companies in order to provide a product or service to you, we first
conduct a careful evaluation of their information and security systems and
practices to ensure the security and confidentiality of your information.
You should be aware that other Internet sites that you link to from
CreditCards.com may contain privacy provisions that differ from the
provisions of our Privacy Statement. To ensure your privacy is protected,
we recommend that you review the privacy statements of other Internet
sites you visit.  SSL Security - CreditCards.com  SSL Security - CreditCards.com  SSL
Security - CreditCards.com  SSL Security - CreditCards.com  SSL Security -
CreditCards.com    