  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Staying Out of Trouble With Credit Cards Staying Out
Of Trouble With Credit Cards Isn t it great having a credit card? It gives
you so many advantages. You can purchase items online, make hotel and car
reservations, and so many other convenient things. Despite these
advantages, credit cards can create a lot of problems for some people. The
way you use a credit card should be taken seriously. The following are a
few tips and suggestions about credit cards that can help take some of the
disadvantage out of the credit card experience:  Credit cards are like loans . You have to pay what you owe. So, don t
overcharge. Track how much you spend on your credit card . Always know
your exact balance before going out. Little $20 purchases here and there
add up. Keep your credit card receipts and compare them with your monthly
bill . If there are any discrepancies, report them to your credit card
company immediately. Don t give out your credit card to ANYONE, including
friends and family . Don t owe more than you can repay . This can damage
your credit and hurt your chances of getting a car loan, mortgage,
insurance, or even a job.  Pay your bills on time . If not, you will incur finance charges and
interest charges that may make it hard for you to pay back your loan. If
possible, pay your bill in full every month . You are liable for $50 of
unauthorized charges per card . Don t pay off one credit card with another
. This will lead you down a spiral of mounting credit card debt that you
may never get out of. The way you use credit cards is in how you think
about them. I want to offer some credit card tips that might help you
change the way you look at credit cards: Think of a credit card as a
30-day loan that you have to pay back . Act as if you are paying with cash
. Don t spend more than what you would spend if you had cash in hand. Go
out without your credit cards . When you see something you like, go back
home and get it. If you still think you need that item, then by all means
buy it. But if by the time you get back home, you don t think it s
important enough to go back for, let it go.  Pay with cash, and think of your credit cards as insurance . These are just
some credit card tips that will help you stay out of trouble with credit
cards. In this world of buy now-pay later, it is important that you
understand the heavy responsibility of credit cards. Behind the plastic is
real money and real debt. So, you should take credit card usage seriously.
I hope these credit card tips have helped you to better understand credit
cards. By following these tips and changing the way you look at credit
cards, it will help you to stay clear of credit card debt. Before applying
for any credit card, be sure to discuss your specific financial needs and
situation with your financial advisor. For additional articles and tips
about credit and credit card related issues, please visit our articles
section.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Staying Out of Trouble With Credit Cards General credit card tips and
advice on how to manage credit cards and credit card expenditures,
emphasis that behind the plastic is real money and real debt so credit
cards should be used like a 30-day loan Staying Out of Trouble With Credit
Cards General credit card tips and advice on how to manage credit cards and
credit card expenditures, emphasis that behind the plastic is real money
and real debt so credit cards should be used like a 30-day loan Staying
Out of Trouble With Credit Cards General credit card tips and advice on
how to manage credit cards and credit card expenditures, emphasis that
behind the plastic is real money and real debt so credit cards should be
used like a 30-day loan Staying Out of Trouble With Credit Cards General
credit card tips and advice on how to manage credit cards and credit card
expenditures, emphasis that behind the plastic is real money and real debt
so credit cards should be used like a 30-day loan Staying Out of Trouble
With Credit Cards General credit card tips and advice on how to manage
credit cards and credit card expenditures, emphasis that behind the
plastic is real money and real debt so credit cards should be used like a
30-day loan  credit cards, credit card trouble 