  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Cardmember Benefits – Visa Warranty Manager
Cardmember Benefits – Visa Warranty Manager Many of the major brands of
credit card, like Visa , provide cardmembers with ancillary benefits. One
often misunderstood benefit deals with extended warranty protection. But
what does this service truly involve and how is it activated?  In the case of Visa, their Warranty Manager protection service is an
automatic feature of the card, regardless of which bank issues the
plastic. Details of the program are typically covered in the cardmember
agreement, which is required to be sent to all approved applicants along
when a new credit card is mailed. Basically, the service automatically
doubles a manufacturers product warranty. To take advantage of this
service a consumer and receive the warranty extension, a Visa cardmember
only needs to use their Visa card to purchase an item that has its own
warranty coverage. Then, the consumer needs to send in the warranty
registration card that accompanies most items to activate the standard
warranty. Once the item is out of warranty, typically beyond one year from
the date of purchase, the Visa warranty kicks in for an identical period of
coverage. If the item purchased breaks or is deemed defective during that
extended period, Visa will credit the purchase price back to the consumers
credit card.  What types of products are covered? Normally, those types of products that
carry a standard manufacturers warranty, which include most electronics
and small appliances. Also included, however, are larger appliances such
as washer/dryers, plasma TVs and home theater systems. As long as you have
a large enough credit limit to cover the purchase on a Visa card, and you
take the time to register the product with the manufacturer, you should be
eligible to receive the warranty extension. These types of cardmember
benefits are in fact insurance policies. The major credit card
associations like Visa and MasterCard fund these policies as standard
benefits of carrying their brand of payment card. The cost of the programs
are then born by the issuers, who must pay fees back to the card
associations in order to issue their brand of credit card to the public.
But are they a good deal for the consumer? Absolutely. They clearly add
value to the process of using a credit card for purchases and give the
consumer added protection and flexibility should they not be satisfied
with their merchandise.  For additional articles and tips about credit and credit card related
issues, please visit our articles section. Related credit card topics
highlighting credit card account management and advice on how to protect
your credit card: Protecting Your Credit Card &ndash; Specific advice on
how to keep general use credit cards like Visa safe and secure.  Limiting Your Financial Loss &ndash; Learn how to limit you financial loss
if a credit card goes missing. Phishing – What it means and how to prevent
it &ndash; Article describing what Phishing means and how you can prevent
being a victim of identity theft when receiving emails or calls requesting
personal information about a credit card.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Cardmember Benefits – Visa Warranty Manager Overview of cardmember benefits
such as warranty protection called warranty manager that provides warranty
extension or extended warranty protection for a visa credit card.
Cardmember Benefits – Visa Warranty Manager Overview of cardmember
benefits such as warranty protection called warranty manager that provides
warranty extension or extended warranty protection for a visa credit card.
Cardmember Benefits – Visa Warranty Manager Overview of cardmember
benefits such as warranty protection called warranty manager that provides
warranty extension or extended warranty protection for a visa credit card.
Cardmember Benefits – Visa Warranty Manager Overview of cardmember
benefits such as warranty protection called warranty manager that provides
warranty extension or extended warranty protection for a visa credit card.
Cardmember Benefits – Visa Warranty Manager Overview of cardmember
benefits such as warranty protection called warranty manager that provides
warranty extension or extended warranty protection for a visa credit card. 
cardmember benefits, warranty manager, warranty protection, warranty
extension, extended warranty protection, credit card, visa 