Store Credit Cards – Enticing, but Not Always the Best Choice    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Store Credit Cards – Enticing, but Not Always the
Best Choice Store Credit Cards – Enticing, but Not Always the Best Choice
We've all done it. While standing at a major retailer's register with an
armload of purchases you are pitched an irresistible deal – sign up for
the store's credit card and you can get an instant 10% discount on your
purchase. And, if you are spending a sizable amount of money at someplace
like the GAP, the idea of getting $20 or $30 off your purchase is pretty
hard to resist.  But it probably is not such a good idea on many levels. First off, ask
yourself, Do I really need another credit card? If the answer is no or
even maybe, then it's probably best to politely decline the offer. Merely
having too many of these credit inquiries on your credit report can wreak
havoc with your credit score. Some experts have opined that each store
card a person opens lowers the customer's credit score by 20 points, and
the credit inquiries alone can shave off 5 points. Whether it's that
damaging is a matter of conjecture, but it definitely is harmful to some
degree if done too often. Going beyond mere credit inquiries is the effect
of having multiple, approved store credit cards in your wallet. The net
effect can be quite detrimental. These types of store credit cards provide
a way to run amok with purchasing power in very tempting environments whose
sole purpose is to get you to spend, spend, spend. And, once you've racked
up some serious balances, you will realize these credit cards carry some
serious interest rates – typically 50% higher than general use credit
cards like Visa and MasterCard.  Unlike general use credit cards, store credit cards can only be used with
the retailer that issues the card and therefore have much less utility
than cards issued by Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express. Even
if you never plan to use a store credit card and simply desire to earn the
upfront 10% discount, it's probably a bad idea. By having additional lines
of credit open on your credit report you will look inherently more risky
to lenders. This type of risk potential can trigger all kinds of
unpleasant consequences, like universal default pricing on your other
credit card accounts. But how can that happen, even without carrying a
balance or being late with a payment, you ask? Well, most cardholder
agreements provide the bank issuers with the ability to impose penalty
default pricing for almost any reason – even the hint of increased credit
risk. Bottom line, store credit cards may look like great deals on the
surface. But, rest assured, they are mostly a great deal for the retailer
rather than the consumer. Store credit cards drive increased sales,
loyalty and profits for retailers, who have realized there is as much
money to be made in selling credit as there is in selling their main
retail items.  So, before signing up for that new store card at the checkout counter,
consider your financial needs. If you truly need additional credit, you
should shop around for a low interest rate credit card – even one that
offers 0% introductory APR. And if it's rewards that you seek, consider
one of the many compelling offers available from Chase, Citi, American
Express or Discover Card. All of these issuers provide credit cards that
allow consumers to earn a full 5% cash back on everyday items at grocery
stores, drugstores and gasoline stations and 1% on all other purchases.
And, these cards can be used at millions of location worldwide. When you
stop and think, it's not difficult to see how general purpose credit cards
offer greater value and utility than their private-label store card
brethren.  Want to know more about cash back credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How To Compare Cash Back
Credit Card Offers &ndash; Things to look for when shopping for a cash
back credit card to ensure you get the best deal. How Cash Back Credit
Cards Work - An explanation of the process for cash back credit cards.
Cash Back Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading Cash Back credit card
offers side by side. Reward Cards &ndash; Compare credit cards with
rewards programs & apply online    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Store Credit Cards – Enticing, but Not Always the Best Choice Article
covering how store credit cards may be enticing but are not always the
best choice for maintaining a good credit score on a credit report,
especially when consumers can get a low interest rate credit card with
cash back and universal acceptance from visa, mastercard, American
express, discover, citi or chase and even get 0% introductory apr. Store
Credit Cards – Enticing, but Not Always the Best Choice Article covering
how store credit cards may be enticing but are not always the best choice
for maintaining a good credit score on a credit report, especially when
consumers can get a low interest rate credit card with cash back and
universal acceptance from visa, mastercard, American express, discover,
citi or chase and even get 0% introductory apr. Store Credit Cards –
Enticing, but Not Always the Best Choice Article covering how store credit
cards may be enticing but are not always the best choice for maintaining a
good credit score on a credit report, especially when consumers can get a
low interest rate credit card with cash back and universal acceptance from
visa, mastercard, American express, discover, citi or chase and even get 0%
introductory apr. Store Credit Cards – Enticing, but Not Always the Best
Choice Article covering how store credit cards may be enticing but are not
always the best choice for maintaining a good credit score on a credit
report, especially when consumers can get a low interest rate credit card
with cash back and universal acceptance from visa, mastercard, American
express, discover, citi or chase and even get 0% introductory apr. Store
Credit Cards – Enticing, but Not Always the Best Choice Article covering
how store credit cards may be enticing but are not always the best choice
for maintaining a good credit score on a credit report, especially when
consumers can get a low interest rate credit card with cash back and
universal acceptance from visa, mastercard, American express, discover,
citi or chase and even get 0% introductory apr.  store credit cards,
credit card, credit report, credit score, low interest credit card, 0%
introductory APR, cash back, visa, mastercard, American express, discover,
citi, chase 