Student Credit Cards 101    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Student Credit Cards 101 Student Credit Cards 101
Going away to college is a monumental event on the road to adulthood. For
many, this presents the first opportunity for living independently, away
from parents and being able to ask for assistance whenever the need arises
especially financial assistance . Parents often open credit card accounts
in their children's name or provide them with a companion card to their
personal credit card account. Another option open to most college students
is to receive a student credit card in their own name. Issuers of Student
Credit Cards have recognized the value of being the first card in wallet
with young people in terms of building long term loyalty.  What Is A Student Credit Card? A student credit card is designed for high
school and college students and usually works the same way as any credit
card that has been issued by a financial institution. In general a student
credit card merely has a few more restrictions relative to non-student
cards. Some require a parent or guardian to co-sign – This means the
student's parents must agree to be the responsible party in case a student
is unable to repay part or all of an outstanding credit card balance. In
these cases parents or guardians have control over future raises in the
credit limit. Lower Credit Limit – Typically, a student credit card is the
first time a person has been responsible for credit. Therefore, the student
does not have any credit history or rating for the bank to draw upon to
make their credit decision. As a result, lower credit limits typically
$500 - $1,000 enable students to start building credit history while
limiting the risk of loss to the bank that issued the card.  Higher Interest Rates – Also related to loss control for the bank, interest
rates are typically higher for student credit cards since students do not
have a proven track record of promptly repaying loan balances at the
credit bureau. Higher interest rates allow the banks to spread the cost of
greater losses over the entire student credit card population. Why Get A
College or High School Student Credit Card? A High School of College
Student Credit Card offers you the opportunity to enjoy the benefits of
having credit, while also teaching the value and responsibilities that go
along with those freedoms. Taking the initial steps into financial
adulthood can be both scary and exciting. Learning the benefits of using
credit wisely and building a solid credit rating are important early
milestones to achieve for the student.  Want to know more about high school and college student credit cards? Below
are articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Comparing
Student Credit Cards vs. Debit Cards &ndash; Discussion of the relative
advantages of both credit and debit cards for students. How to Establish
Credit with a Student Credit Card &ndash; Ways to quickly build a
successful credit history with a student credit card. Student Credit Card
Offers &ndash; Compare leading student credit cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Student Credit Cards 101 Student credit cards 101 - basic information
regarding how students can apply for and use their first credit card with
a student credit card; student credit cards often involve a co-signer,
lower credit limit and higher interest rates than non-student credit
cards; read article on comparing student credit vs. debit cards, to
compare leading offers visit student credit cards section. Student Credit
Cards 101 Student credit cards 101 - basic information regarding how
students can apply for and use their first credit card with a student
credit card; student credit cards often involve a co-signer, lower credit
limit and higher interest rates than non-student credit cards; read
article on comparing student credit vs. debit cards, to compare leading
offers visit student credit cards section. Student Credit Cards 101
Student credit cards 101 - basic information regarding how students can
apply for and use their first credit card with a student credit card;
student credit cards often involve a co-signer, lower credit limit and
higher interest rates than non-student credit cards; read article on
comparing student credit vs. debit cards, to compare leading offers visit
student credit cards section. Student Credit Cards 101 Student credit
cards 101 - basic information regarding how students can apply for and use
their first credit card with a student credit card; student credit cards
often involve a co-signer, lower credit limit and higher interest rates
than non-student credit cards; read article on comparing student credit
vs. debit cards, to compare leading offers visit student credit cards
section. Student Credit Cards 101 Student credit cards 101 - basic
information regarding how students can apply for and use their first
credit card with a student credit card; student credit cards often involve
a co-signer, lower credit limit and higher interest rates than non-student
credit cards; read article on comparing student credit vs. debit cards, to
compare leading offers visit student credit cards section.  Student Credit
Cards, credit cards, student credit card, prepaid debit cards 