    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Survey of Airline Reward Credit Card Programs Your
Mileage May Vary – A Survey of Airline Reward Credit Card Programs Not so
long ago there were only a few options for getting an airline reward
credit card. The Citi AAdvantage MasterCard was the first kid on the block
and still remains a favorite of frequent flyers looking to earn extra
rewards with their credit card. A United Airlines Credit Card soon
followed suit with the United Airlines Mileage Plus card and then
Continental Airlines with the Continental Airlines World MasterCard Credit
Card .  Now there are as many airline reward credit card options as there are
airlines, even more if you count the generic miles credit cards offered by
many of the major credit card issuers which allow earned miles to be used
on any airline. While most airline frequent flyer programs are pretty
similar their airline reward credit card programs, offered in partnership
with credit card issuers, can be somewhat different. Generic airline miles
reward cards are now issued by major credit card banks and allow miles to
be applied toward the purchase of a ticket on any airline. Miles are
earned at a standard rate of 1 mile per dollar spent on the card, as with
the major airline-specific credit cards. These programs vary in their
requirements but some offer the ability to purchase a one-way or discount
ticket after accumulating as few as 14,000 miles. Cards such as the Chase
Travel Rewards Visa allow you to apply your earned miles toward tickets on
over 250 airlines as well as hotel stays, cruises, vacation packages car
rentals.  As a consumer another point to watch is the sign up bonus offered by most
airline reward credit cards – many offer 5,000 miles for the first use of
the card but others offer 7,500, and even 10,000 miles in the case of the
Gold Delta Skymiles Credit Card offer by American Express Credit Cards .
With deals like that you can be well on your way to a free ticket the
minute you first use your card!  Want to know more about airline credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Strategies For Earning A Free
Airline Ticket Sooner &ndash; Ways to leverage airline credit card spending
to earn miles faster. FAQ s About Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards
&ndash; Common questions about airline credit cards answered. Airline
Reward Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading airline credit cards side by
side that offer frequent flyer and airline miles reward programs.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Your Mileage May Vary &ndash; A Survey of Airline Reward Credit Card
Programs A discussion and survey of frequent flyer and airline reward
credit card options in the including the United Airlines, Chase
Continental and Citi Advantage MasterCard Credit Card Programs . Your
Mileage May Vary &ndash; A Survey of Airline Reward Credit Card Programs A
discussion and survey of frequent flyer and airline reward credit card
options in the including the United Airlines, Chase Continental and Citi
Advantage MasterCard Credit Card Programs . Your Mileage May Vary &ndash;
A Survey of Airline Reward Credit Card Programs A discussion and survey of
frequent flyer and airline reward credit card options in the including the
United Airlines, Chase Continental and Citi Advantage MasterCard Credit
Card Programs . Your Mileage May Vary &ndash; A Survey of Airline Reward
Credit Card Programs A discussion and survey of frequent flyer and airline
reward credit card options in the including the United Airlines, Chase
Continental and Citi Advantage MasterCard Credit Card Programs . Your
Mileage May Vary &ndash; A Survey of Airline Reward Credit Card Programs A
discussion and survey of frequent flyer and airline reward credit card
options in the including the United Airlines, Chase Continental and Citi
Advantage MasterCard Credit Card Programs .  Airline Reward Credit Card
Programs, airline reward credit card, airline reward credit cards, Chase
Travel Rewards Visa 