    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Home Terms CreditCards.com Terms of Use Policy  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE: CreditCards.com and its
subsidiaries provide the materials contained on this web site to our
customers and visitors. CreditCards.com requires that all visitors to the
Site adhere to the following Terms and Conditions. By accessing the Site
and any of its pages, you indicate your acknowledgement and acceptance of
the Terms and Conditions set forth below without limitation or
qualification. CreditCards.com may revise these Terms and Conditions at
any time by updating this posting, which revisions will be binding upon
all visitors to the Site. You should therefore visit this posting to
review these Terms and Conditions from time to time as you visit the Site.
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions references to CreditCards.com
include its affiliates, directors and employees. Governing Laws and
Regulations User access to and use of the Site is subject to all
applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Unauthorized use
of this system is prohibited and violators can be prosecuted under federal
and state laws. Texas law and Federal law will govern the interpretation
and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions.  Copyright and Trademark Policies The information contained at the Site,
including but not limited to text and images herein other than certain
images licensed from third parties and their arrangement, are copyright
2005 by CreditCards.com. All rights reserved. This Web site and its entire
contents are for personal use only and may not be copied, reproduced,
modified, published, uploaded, downloaded, posted, transmitted or
distributed in any way, without CreditCards.com's prior written
permission. Ownership of materials Except as otherwise indicated, this Web
site and its entire contents including, but not limited to, the text,
information, material, software and graphics contained on this Website,
are owned by CreditCards.com and its affiliates. The Materials are
protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws and
treaties. CreditCards.com makes no proprietary claim to any third-party
names, trademarks or service marks appearing on this Web site. Any
third-party names, trademarks, and service marks are the properties of
their respective owners.  The Materials may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded,
downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without
CreditCards.com's prior written permission. By posting a message or
contributing in anyway to this Web site, including, but not limited to,
sending comments and e-mail, to this Web site, you expressly grant
CreditCards.com the right to use in any way, copy, republish or sell your
message or other contribution as part of its property. CreditCards.com
reserves the right to change, update, discontinue, or restrict or prevent
access to this Web site or the Materials at any time without notice.
Disclaimer and Limitation on Liability BY USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU ASSUME
ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE AND THE INTERNET
GENERALLY. THE INFORMATION IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL CreditCards.com BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AND DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF
OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS OR ANY HYPERLINKED Web SITE, EVEN IF
CreditCards.com OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.  This Web site is intended to assist readers by providing financial data,
ressources and editorial information on financial products.
CreditCards.com will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the
Materials or information provided on this Web site, any articles or
postings for hyperlinks embedded in messages, nor for any loss or damage
caused by your reliance on information obtained on this Web site or in a
hyperlinked site. This Web site provides information and advice based on
our editorial content and advice of financial professionals. While
CreditCards.com believes such information and advice to be reliable, we
make no claims or representations about the accuracy, reliability,
timeliness, usefulness or completeness of such information or advice. All
information and advice given on this Web site is intended only to assist
you with financial decisions. However, by nature such information is broad
in scope. Your financial situation is unique and our information and advice
may not be appropriate for your situation. Accordingly, CreditCards.com
recommends that you get different opinions and seek the advice of your
accountant and other financial advisers who are fully aware of your
individual circumstances before making any final decisions or implementing
any financial strategy. You should not rely on any information or advice
you obtain on this Web site. Any reliance by you on any information or
advice will be at your own risk.  This Web site may provide chat rooms, bulletin boards and other means for
the public to contribute information and make statements. CreditCards.com
does not make any endorsements of these statements nor representations
that the statements are true and accurate. CreditCards.com reserves the
right to edit statements made within these forums. We also reserve the
right to limit or restrict access to users who abuse these forums. You
should be cautious when acting on information provided by contributors to
these chat rooms. You should not rely solely upon the information and
opinions of the chat rooms or bulletin boards. Links to third-party sites:
This Web site contains links to third-party sites. These links are provided
for convenience purposes and are not under the control of CreditCards.com.
CreditCards.com does not make any representations and warranties, express
or implied, regarding the content of any of these linked sites. These
links do not constitute or imply an endorsement, authorization,
sponsorship or affiliation by CreditCards.com with respect to any third
party, any third party's Web site, the content of any third party's Web
site, or any products or services provided by a third party.  Governing law and jurisdiction These terms and conditions of use shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States
of America and the state of Texas, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of law provision or rule whether of the state of Texas or
any other jurisdiction that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdiction other than the United States or the state of Texas. By using
this Web site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts of Williamson County, Texas, U.S.A. for any action or proceeding
arising under or relating to these Terms of Use, this Web site or the use
of, or reliance on, this Web site. Click Here to contact us with any
questions or comments.  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Terms - CreditCards.com Term and conditions agreement stipulating copyright
laws and governing provisions covering the use of the creditcards.com
website.  Terms - CreditCards.com Term and conditions agreement
stipulating copyright laws and governing provisions covering the use of
the creditcards.com website.  Terms - CreditCards.com Term and conditions
agreement stipulating copyright laws and governing provisions covering the
use of the creditcards.com website.  Terms - CreditCards.com Term and
conditions agreement stipulating copyright laws and governing provisions
covering the use of the creditcards.com website.  Terms - CreditCards.com
Term and conditions agreement stipulating copyright laws and governing
provisions covering the use of the creditcards.com website.  
Creditcards.com, terms and conditions, copyright, disclaimers 