The American Express Card: Is it Right for You?    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles The American Express Card The American Express Card:
Is it Right for You? What do you think of when you think of American
Express? Do you think of a card only for the wealthy? Or maybe a credit
card out of reach for the common person? Actually, American Express offers
credit cards for just about everybody. There are two different types of
American Express cards. There are American Express Charge Cards and
American Express credit cards. The charge card gives you an unsecured line
of credit that you must pay off in full every month and requires an annual
membership fee of $50. An American Express Credit Card is just like any
other credit card that lets you pay off your balance over time with an APR
that is competitive to most lending institutions.  American Express credit cards offer its members many rewards. The American
Express credit card that you will want will depend on what you are looking
for. American Express Credit Cards for Travelers American Express credit
cards offer a wide range f benefits for travelers. A main reason so many
business owners and travelers get the America Express card is because it
gives them automatic flight insurance and baggage protection. In addition,
it offers things like roadside assistance if you are more than 100 miles
from home, and other travel-related benefits. These benefits come with
many of the American Express charge cards. But if you want a credit card,
the Delta Skymiles American Express Card might be something to look into.
This card gives you one frequent flyer mile on Delta for every dollar
spent. In addition, it gives you double points on all purchases at gas
stations, grocery stores, post office, and other places. This card is
right for those who want travel benefits without having to pay off their
balance very month.  With American Express Feeling Blue is a Good Thing For those out there who
don t want to pay annual fees and like cash back rewards, American Express
has a card for you. It s called Blue. Blue offers these features: No annual
fee Cash back on most purchases Online purchase protection Blue is a very
accessible American Express credit card. It shatters the illusion some
people might have that American Express is only for the wealthy. This card
is for people who like to get rewards but hate annual fees. And it is a
credit card, so you can pay it off over time. As you can see, American
Express has many cards to choose from. These cards all have their own
features. Some of them even offer a balance transfer option when you first
apply. And with the American Express credit card, you can get additional
cards on the same account&mdash;perfect for families. It's easy to see why
so many people enjoy the benefits an American Express Credit Card offers .
It offers something for everyone s taste. Whether you are looking for a
good reward program credit card, a gold card, a smart credit card, or a
charge card, American Express has many cards to choose from. The one you
choose will be up to you.  Before applying for any credit card, be sure to discuss your specific
financial needs and situation with your financial advisor. For additional
articles and tips about credit and credit card related issues, please
visit our articles section.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  The American Express Card: Is it Right for You? Article posing the question
is if the american express card right for you?, discussion of American
express, credit card and charge card options with American Express Charge
cards and American Express Credit Cards like the Delta Skymiles American
Express card for the frequent flyer, cards offer no annual fee membership
fee , cash back and purchase protection.  The American Express Card: Is it
Right for You? Article posing the question is if the american express card
right for you?, discussion of American express, credit card and charge
card options with American Express Charge cards and American Express
Credit Cards like the Delta Skymiles American Express card for the
frequent flyer, cards offer no annual fee membership fee , cash back and
purchase protection.  The American Express Card: Is it Right for You?
Article posing the question is if the american express card right for
you?, discussion of American express, credit card and charge card options
with American Express Charge cards and American Express Credit Cards like
the Delta Skymiles American Express card for the frequent flyer, cards
offer no annual fee membership fee , cash back and purchase protection. 
The American Express Card: Is it Right for You? Article posing the
question is if the american express card right for you?, discussion of
American express, credit card and charge card options with American
Express Charge cards and American Express Credit Cards like the Delta
Skymiles American Express card for the frequent flyer, cards offer no
annual fee membership fee , cash back and purchase protection.  The
American Express Card: Is it Right for You? Article posing the question is
if the american express card right for you?, discussion of American
express, credit card and charge card options with American Express Charge
cards and American Express Credit Cards like the Delta Skymiles American
Express card for the frequent flyer, cards offer no annual fee membership
fee , cash back and purchase protection.   American Express, Delta
Skymiles American Express Card, cash back 