  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles The Eufora Card is Worth a Look The Eufora Card is
Worth a Look For many people with no credit history, or for those with
damaged credit, getting loans, renting apartments, or even shopping online
might prove impossible. Fortunately, the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard Credit
Builder program allows people to establish or repair credit while enjoying
the benefits of a MasterCard, all at zero risk to the account owner.  The Eufora card, introduced in October 2001, has several programs designed
to suit individuals with varying credit histories. For people with good
credit, Eufora offers a MasterCard credit card through Infibank N.A.
Account owners can take advantage of a low introductory rate of 1.9%, with
a 9.9% rate thereafter. More relevant to those with no credit history or
for those who want to repair their damaged credit is the Eufora Prepaid
MasterCard with Credit Builder, offered by Bankfirst. The Eufora prepaid
card charges no interest and works much like a debit card, allowing the
customer to deposit money into their account, which can then be used any
place MasterCard is accepted. How it Works... People who apply for the
Eufora Prepaid MasterCard can expect to pay an annual membership fee of
about $59.95, as well as a small monthly service charge for the first
year. Bankfirst also requires an advanced deposit equal to the amount of
the annual fee, which will be applied to the second year s annual fee
requirement if the account remains in good standing. Account owners are
obligated to a 2-year membership and will not be refunded the second year
s fees if the contract is terminated early.  For this initial outlay, the customer will receive a Eufora prepaid
MasterCard, which is usable anywhere MasterCard is accepted over 600,000
merchants worldwide . Credit cards and a good credit history are almost
indispensable in the era of online shopping and travel sites, as well as
for traditional loans and rental agreements. The consumer may use the
Eufora prepaid card like a credit card, but rather than accumulating debt
which is compounded by interest rates, the purchases are debited from the
balance of the account. Card users may deposit or withdraw money from
their card, and are charged small service fees each time this occurs.
Customers must make sure to maintain a $5 balance, and can store as much
as $2500 on the card at one time. What makes the Eufora card unique among
prepaid cards is that it s the only prepaid card which can improve the
customer s credit rating. Each month, Bankfirst reports consumers pay
histories to TransUnion, one of the largest credit reporting agencies in
the nation. Eufora card users who make prompt payments will, over time,
improve their credit. Eufora is the only card which reports to these
agencies, making it an attractive offer to anyone hoping to rebuild bad
credit, or to establish credit for the first time.  Other Benefits... The Eufora card also claims to have lower overall fees
and service charges than other prepaid cards or &ldquo;bad credit&rdquo;
credit cards. The monthly service charge of $6.65 disappears after the
first year, making continued use of the card even more affordable. Also,
since the card works similarly to a debit card, users won t be subjected
to the sky-high interest rates usually imposed on consumers with ailing
credit, and won t get further into debt. Additional benefits include a
cash reward program, identity theft insurance, and auto rental insurance,
depending on the level of membership. Eufora also offers a monthly auto
sweepstakes, in which card users can gain entries to the drawing by
reaching certain spending amounts each month. The monthly car sweepstakes
winner is offered his or her choice of one of thirty different car models,
from manufacturers like BMW, Dodge, Mitsubishi and Volkswagen. Is the
Eufora Card for You? Before making any decision that could impact your
credit, consult with a financial advisor or accountant. However, if you
are looking for a way to establish credit - or to repair past credit
mistakes &ndash; but don t want to pay high interest rates or accumulate
further debt, check out the Eufora prepaid MasterCard. Its credit card
usability, coupled with its credit reporting feature, makes the Eufora
card an attractive option to many consumers.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles . Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts
Choosing the Right Credit Card for You Limiting Your Financial Loss    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  The Eufora Card is Worth a Look Detailed article on the Eufora Prepaid
MasterCard credit card product; a product option for those with no credit
history, damaged credit, need to rebuild credit or establish credit with a
credit bureau like Transunion The Eufora Card is Worth a Look Detailed
article on the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard credit card product; a product
option for those with no credit history, damaged credit, need to rebuild
credit or establish credit with a credit bureau like Transunion The Eufora
Card is Worth a Look Detailed article on the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard
credit card product; a product option for those with no credit history,
damaged credit, need to rebuild credit or establish credit with a credit
bureau like Transunion The Eufora Card is Worth a Look Detailed article on
the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard credit card product; a product option for
those with no credit history, damaged credit, need to rebuild credit or
establish credit with a credit bureau like Transunion The Eufora Card is
Worth a Look Detailed article on the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard credit card
product; a product option for those with no credit history, damaged credit,
need to rebuild credit or establish credit with a credit bureau like
Transunion  Eufora Card, no credit history, damaged credit, Eufora Prepaid
Mastercard, rebuild bad credit, establish credit 