  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News The New Bankruptcy Law – What Does it all Mean? The New
Bankruptcy Law – What Does it all Mean? The new bankruptcy law that was
passed by congress and signed by the President will go into effect on
October 17, 2005. But what does it mean to consumers and is it a good
thing for the country? The law is entitled The 2005 Bankruptcy Abuse
Reduction Act and is an attempt to curb loopholes in the current
bankruptcy code that has enabled some people to avoid repaying debt that
could have been repaid. Key provisions within the law will do just that by
requiring means testing prior to a consumer being able to officially file
for bankruptcy.  This new provision will require a bankruptcy attorney to analyze the
potential filer's financial situation and then determine whether the
person is able to file for Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy. Chapter 7
Bankruptcy is considerably more lenient for the consumer and affords
protection from both secured and unsecured credit obligations. Chapter 13
involves the consumer being required to repay all secured debt obligations
over time, and as much of the unsecured debt as they are able. The means
testing will involve taking an average of the filer's past six month's of
regular income regardless of whether they are still employed and
subtracting typical expenses for rent, food, insurance, transportation and
child support if applicable . These expense averages are determined by the
IRS based on national averages and do not have to reflect the filer's
actual expenses. If there is at least $100 remaining after this
calculation, the filer will be required to file under Chapter 13 and, if
accepted, would be required to establish a repayment plan over the next
five years.  On the positive side for the consumer, all retirement and college savings
plans 401K, IRA and 529b would be exempted from any listing of assets for
the repayment of secured obligations. Another loophole that has been
closed with the new legislation is jurisdictional shopping. In the past,
some applicants have filed in states that offer a more lenient bankruptcy
climate than others. In particular, the state of Florida has been a
favorite spot for opportunistic filers. Going forward, permanent state
residency will be a basic requirement for filing within a given
jurisdiction. Is the new law a good thing for the public at large?
Probably, given the fact that it will dramatically lessen the abusive
aspect of the bankruptcy process and lower the cost of borrowing for
everyone. It could also allow for more people, specifically those with
lower credit scores, to appear less risky to both secured and unsecured
lenders. While it's important to allow people in certain situations to
have access to protection from creditors in order to get a fresh start,
making it harder to abuse the system is probably a good thing for the U.S.
economy and credit industry.  For other credit and credit card related news, please visit our news center
. Related credit card topics highlighting credit card news and news on
credit card reward programs: Credit Card Debt in 2005 &ndash; Overview of
American credit card debt in 2005, the new bankruptcy law and how personal
debt is expected to impact personal bankruptcy rates.  JetBlue and American Express launch new card – September 12, 2005 &ndash;
Learn how to limit you financial loss if a credit card goes missing. The
New Chase Love the Double Promotion Could Have You Seeing Double &ndash;
Article detailing the new Love the Double reward promotion by Chase Credit
Card Services where cardholders of their credit cards can earn double
rewards.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  The New Bankruptcy Law – What Does it all Mean? An overview of the new
bankruptcy law and what it means for consumers. A discussion of the
differences between chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy under the 2005
bankruptcy abuse prevention act. The New Bankruptcy Law – What Does it all
Mean? An overview of the new bankruptcy law and what it means for
consumers. A discussion of the differences between chapter 7 and chapter
13 bankruptcy under the 2005 bankruptcy abuse prevention act. The New
Bankruptcy Law – What Does it all Mean? An overview of the new bankruptcy
law and what it means for consumers. A discussion of the differences
between chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy under the 2005 bankruptcy
abuse prevention act. The New Bankruptcy Law – What Does it all Mean? An
overview of the new bankruptcy law and what it means for consumers. A
discussion of the differences between chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy
under the 2005 bankruptcy abuse prevention act. The New Bankruptcy Law –
What Does it all Mean? An overview of the new bankruptcy law and what it
means for consumers. A discussion of the differences between chapter 7 and
chapter 13 bankruptcy under the 2005 bankruptcy abuse prevention act.  New
Bankruptcy Law, bankruptcy, bankruptcy abuse prevention act, chapter 7,
chapter 13 