  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News The New Chase Love the Double Promotion Could Have You
Seeing Double The New Chase Love the Double Promotion Could Have You
Seeing Double Beginning in mid-September and continuing through the end of
the year, Chase Credit Card Services is offering a special promotion – Love
the Double , providing double rewards on restaurant, gas station, grocery
store and drug store purchases when made with one of their rewards or cash
back credit cards. Participating Chase credit cards include Free Cash
Rewards, Flexible Rewards and certain other Chase-branded proprietary
rewards cards. The double reward is an automatic promotional feature that
does not require any unusual effort on the part of the cardholder to earn
or redeem. They simply do their everyday spending at one of the national
retailers listed below and the rewards automatically double.  According to the U.S. Census Bureau, consumers spent approximately $114
billion on grocery store purchases during the fourth quarter 2004. During
that same period, gasoline spending was ranked second in overall spending
with approximately $86 billion. With gasoline prices at an all time high,
this category will continue to consume of much of Americans'
non-discretionary spending. And, since American consumers use their credit
cards everyday at restaurants, gas stations, grocery and drug stores, the
Chase Love the Double rewards can make those required purchases a bit more
rewarding. Simply visit our Chase credit cards section to view rewards and
cash back offers from Chase Card Services and then imagine how nice it
will be to double those rewards for everyday purchases.  With the holiday season around the corner, the Love the Double program will
be that much more welcome. Listed below are the leading restaurants,
gasoline retailers and grocery store chains where consumers can earn
double rewards with their Chase rewards or cash back credit cards through
the end of the year: Dining : Bahama Breeze Bob Evans California Pizza
Kitchen Chili's Chuck E Cheese Cracker Barrel Dave and Buster's IHOP Olive
Garden Panera Bread Pizza Hut Red Lobster Ruby Tuesday Smokey Bones
Starbucks Grocery : A&P Acme Albertson's Fannie May Genuardi's Great
Harvest Jewel-Osco Kroger Meijer Inc Royal Crest Dairy Safeway SaveOn
ShopKo SuperValu Trader Joe's Whole Foods Gas :  Amoco Arco BP Oil Chevron Circle K Citgo Exxon-Mobil Hess Irving Oil Lukoil
Marathon Phillips 66 Shell Oil Speedway SuperAmerica Sunoco Texaco Union 76
Valero Drug Stores : Caremark Mail Service CVS Duane Reade Eckerd Happy
Harry's Discount Drug Store Longs Drugs May's Drugs Medicine Shoppe
Pharmacy Osco Drug Sav-On Thrifty White Pharmacy Walgreens For other
credit and credit card related news, please visit our news center .  Want to know more about 0% APR Credit cards? Below are articles and resources
that should be of interest to you: Cut Your Gas Bill with Gas Rebate
Credit Cards – Learn how you can earn gas rewards using a gas rebate
credit card. How To Determine Which Reward Credit Card Is For You –
Helpful ways to figure out the best type of reward credit card program for
your needs. Reward Credit Cards – Compare leading Reward Cards side by
side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  The New Chase Love the Double Promotion Could Have You Seeing Double
Article detailing the new Love the Double reward promotion by Chase Credit
Card Services where cardholders of their credit cards can earn double
rewards. The New Chase Love the Double Promotion Could Have You Seeing
Double Article detailing the new Love the Double reward promotion by Chase
Credit Card Services where cardholders of their credit cards can earn
double rewards. The New Chase Love the Double Promotion Could Have You
Seeing Double Article detailing the new Love the Double reward promotion
by Chase Credit Card Services where cardholders of their credit cards can
earn double rewards. The New Chase Love the Double Promotion Could Have
You Seeing Double Article detailing the new Love the Double reward
promotion by Chase Credit Card Services where cardholders of their credit
cards can earn double rewards. The New Chase Love the Double Promotion
Could Have You Seeing Double Article detailing the new Love the Double
reward promotion by Chase Credit Card Services where cardholders of their
credit cards can earn double rewards.  Love the Double, double rewards,
Chase, credit cards 