Types of Credit Cards    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards  Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Prepaid
Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials Advanta  American Express Bank of America Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First
Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter  CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Types of Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards Looking
to get a credit card? Before you fill out a credit card application, you
need to decide what type of credit card will work best for your specific
situation. The following is a brief description of the common types of
credit cards available through banks or other financial institutions.
Standard Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Credit Cards with
Rewards Programs Airline Miles Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Rewards
Credit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Secured Credit Cards Prepaid Debit
Cards Specialty Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards
Standard Credit Cards Standard credit cards are the most typical type of
credit cards. These are unsecured credit cards that are readily available
from most banks and financial groups. These types of cards vary in how the
annual percentage rate APR is offered or calculated. Here are several
examples:  Balance Transfer Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards are designed to
allow consumers to transfer a higher interest credit card balance onto a
credit card with a lower interest rate, thus saving them money in interest
charges. For example, if you transfer a balance to a credit card with a low
introductory APR of 0%, the APR for this balance will typically stay at
this 0% interest level for a specified period of time, thus potentially
saving the consumer hundreds of dollars in interest charges. The terms of
balance transfer credit cards can vary between offers, so be sure to
thoroughly read the terms and conditions for each specific card. Low
Interest Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards offer either a low
introductory APR that changes to a higher rate after a certain period of
time or a low fixed rate APR. For example, you may get an introductory APR
credit card with an interest rate of 5% for the first six months and 10%
thereafter. Then, for the first six months, any purchases or balances you
carry will be only charged a 5% annual interest rate. However, any new
purchases or balances that carry over after the six-month period will now
be subject to a 10% APR.  Many people take advantage introductory APRs to make larger purchases, so
that they can take several months to pay them off. Low APR Credit Cards
can help save consumers a lot of money on interest charges. However, be
sure to read all the terms and conditions of the reduced introductory
rate, so that you will not be penalized by fees or accumulated interest.
Credit Cards with Rewards Programs Credit Cards with Rewards Programs
usually reward the card holder incentives, rebates and even cashback
rewards for purchases they make on their credit card. You can get
additional airline miles, cashback rewards or discounts on merchandise for
each dollar charged on such a card. Rewards Cards usually require better
than average credit for approval. Airline Mile Credit Cards Put simply,
airline mile credit cards or frequent flyer credit cards give you airline
miles credits or frequent flyer miles whenever you use your card.
Typically, you as the cardholder accumulate points based on the dollar
amount of your credit card purchases over a period of time. Based on a
predetermined point level, you can then redeem those points for airline
travel much like frequent flyer miles .  Each airline mile credit card is a bit different; therefore, be sure to
read the fine details in the card s terms and conditions to find out how
many airline miles you gain for every dollar spent in purchases. Also,
watch out for how many airline miles you will need to accumulate before
you qualify for a free airline ticket. Finally, find out whether or not
airline miles expire if you do not use them within a specified amount of
time. Because airline mile reward programs can be costly for credit card
companies, many airline mile credit cards come with an annual fee. These
cards are great for people who frequently travel or for those who want to
use their cards to plan vacations, but the associated fee might make them
impractical for other types of cardholders. Cash Back Credit Cards Cash
back credit cards give you cash rewards for making purchases with the
card. The more the card is used, the more cash rewards you usually get.
Most cash back rates are around 1% of your total purchases, excluding
interest and finance charges. However, some cards offer a higher cashback
percentage with increased usage while still others offer a higher cash
back percentage at select merchants or for particular types of purchases.
Since cash back programs are costly to the credit card companies, some
cash back credit cards also have an annual fee , which can vary from $50
to $100. This type of card is particularly good for people who are
faithful about paying off their balances each month. If used appropriately
a cash back credit card can earn the cardholder a significant amount of
money over time.  Reward Credit Cards Reward credit cards are similar to cash back cards in
that you can accumulate points towards a reward structure, which is based
on how much you use the card over a period of time. Credit cards offer
different reward programs and promotional offers often change, so be sure
to thoroughly look over the card s terms and conditions of each specific
card before applying. Typical rewards include: Gasoline rebates
Entertainment rewards Store discounts for specialty store cards Reward
programs are costly to the credit card companies; therefore, many reward
credit cards also require an annual fee, which could vary from $50 to
$100. This card is particularly good for people who are faithful about
paying off their balances each month. By minimizing their finance charges,
such individuals will reap greater benefits from the associated rewards
credit card. Bad Credit and/or Credit Repair Credit can easily go from
good to bad with poor judgment, mismanagement of credit cards or simply a
change in job or financial situation. This does not mean you cannot get a
credit card. There are several options available for people who have had
bad credit in the past and for those who are currently trying to repair
their credit.  Depending on your specific situation, debt consolidation , use of
introductory APRs on balance transfers or other options may be the best
choice. However, if you still need credit or want to start repairing your
credit by proof of action, there are several credit cards designed to help
rebuild poor credit histories. Secured Credit Cards Secured credit cards
require collateral for approval. With secured credit cards, a security
deposit of a predetermined amount is needed in order to secure the credit
card. Generally, the security deposit needs to be of equal or greater
value to the credit amount. Collateral can come in the form of a car, a
boat, jewelry, stocks or anything else of monetary value. Secured credit
cards are for people with either no credit or poor credit who are trying
to build or rebuild their credit history. Often, cards that help to
rebuild credit come with low credit lines $250 or so and additional fees
may apply application fees, etc. . Be sure to read over any terms and
conditions for these add-on services before applying. Be certain of any
fees you may incur before proceeding with the application process. If you
use the card responsibly and pay all of your bills on time, however, you
can ask for a credit increase down the road. The extra fees and low credit
lines will be worth it if a secured credit card helps you get your overall
credit back on track.  Prepaid Credit Cards Prepaid cards are, in fact, not credit cards at all
BUT rather are used just like credit cards, wherever credit cards are
accepted. The advantages of prepaid cards is that there are no finance
charges and they help you avoid debt, in that all purchases are paid for
beforehand. With prepaid cards you determine the credit line. Generally
speaking, a cardholder's credit line depends on how much money he/she
transfers to the card. Therefore, there is little risk of running up
credit card debt, while budgeting is made easier. Although most prepaid
cards do not charge finance fees, other fees may apply, including: monthly
fees, startup or application fees, overlimit fees, ATM fees and more. Be
sure to thoroughly look over the terms and conditions for each specific
card before applying. Specialty Credit Cards Specialty credit cards are
for individuals with unique and special needs for their credit use.
Examples of these types of cardholders include business users and
students. These credit card programs are designed specifically to meet the
needs of these particular groups.  Business Credit Cards Business credit card s are available for business
owners and executives and have many of the same features as traditional
credit cards: low introductory rates, cashback rewards, airline rewards,
etc. However, business credit cards can also have many additional benefits
in comparison to traditional credit cards. Some of these bonuses include:
Business expenses kept separate from personal expenses Special business
rewards and/or savings Expense management reports Additional cards for
employees Higher credit limits Every credit card is a bit different and
promotional offers often change, so be sure to thoroughly look over the
terms and conditions for each specific card before applying. Student
Credit Cards Students generally have little or no credit history. Because
of this quandary, students may often find it difficult to get approved for
a traditional credit card. Luckily, student credit cards do exist. This
type of credit card is set up to help students build up the credit history
that most of them don't already have.  Student credit cards are often scaled back in terms of rewards, features
and other benefits, but they can still be a valuable commodity. If used
wisely, a student can take the first step towards building a solid credit
history with a student credit card. No matter what type of credit card you
choose, be sure to discuss your specific financial needs with your
financial advisor or accountant before applying for any credit card. For
other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library of
articles . CLICK HERE TO SEARCH, COMPARE, & APPLY FOR CREDIT CARDS ONLINE  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Types of Credit Cards An overview of types of credit cards to review before
filling out a credit card application including standard credit cards,
balance transfer credit cards, low interest credit cards, credit cards
with rewards programs, airline miles credit cards, cash back credit cards,
rewards credit cards, credit cards for bad credit, secured credit cards,
prepaid debit cards, business credit cards and student credit card. Types
of Credit Cards An overview of types of credit cards to review before
filling out a credit card application including standard credit cards,
balance transfer credit cards, low interest credit cards, credit cards
with rewards programs, airline miles credit cards, cash back credit cards,
rewards credit cards, credit cards for bad credit, secured credit cards,
prepaid debit cards, business credit cards and student credit card. Types
of Credit Cards An overview of types of credit cards to review before
filling out a credit card application including standard credit cards,
balance transfer credit cards, low interest credit cards, credit cards
with rewards programs, airline miles credit cards, cash back credit cards,
rewards credit cards, credit cards for bad credit, secured credit cards,
prepaid debit cards, business credit cards and student credit card. Types
of Credit Cards An overview of types of credit cards to review before
filling out a credit card application including standard credit cards,
balance transfer credit cards, low interest credit cards, credit cards
with rewards programs, airline miles credit cards, cash back credit cards,
rewards credit cards, credit cards for bad credit, secured credit cards,
prepaid debit cards, business credit cards and student credit card. Types
of Credit Cards An overview of types of credit cards to review before
filling out a credit card application including standard credit cards,
balance transfer credit cards, low interest credit cards, credit cards
with rewards programs, airline miles credit cards, cash back credit cards,
rewards credit cards, credit cards for bad credit, secured credit cards,
prepaid debit cards, business credit cards and student credit card.  Types
of credit cards, credit cards, credit card, credit card application,
balance transfer credit cards, low interest credit cards, rewards
programs, airline miles credit cards, cash back, rewards, bad credit,
prepaid debit cards, business credit cards, student credit cards,
unsecured credit cards 