Using A Business Credit Card for more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and
Cash Back Incentives    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Using A Business Credit Card for more than Frequent
Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives Using A Business Credit Card
for more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives Most
people think of Business credit cards for their Rewards Programs, Cash
Back Incentives or Frequent Flyer Airline Miles, but a Corporate or Small
Business Credit Card is an excellent vehicle for managing company
expenses. As most consumers can attest, it's easier to let spending get
out of control when using a plastic rather than paying cash. But with
business credit cards spending there is rarely unnecessary or impulse
spending going on so the downside of plastic use is normally not a factor.
Business expenses are a fact of life but the key to is know where the money
is going so that ongoing control can be exerted.  Expense reporting is a wonderful feature of business credit cards and takes
the form of monthly statements with purchase category breakdowns for easy
analysis. For instance monthly travel and entertainment expenses can be
separated and monitored relative to office supply and administrative
expenses. Many credit card issuers offer statement formats that can be
accessed online and downloaded into business reporting software such as
Quickbooks for more detailed accounting purposes. In fact many businesses
forego paper statements and rely solely on internet-based monitoring of
credit card expenses which allows daily monitoring capabilities. For
businesses with remote or traveling employees this can be an invaluable
resource for controlling expenses and maintaining an audit trail.  Small Business & Corporate Credit Cards can create Less Paper, More Control
In addition to the rewards programs and frequent flyer airline miles one of
the major benefit of corporate and small business credit cards involves the
consolidation of expenses for companies with many employees. Rather than
having a flood of invoices and expense reports come in every month from
traveling employees the company can receive one bill broken down by
employee, type of charge and date – all much appreciated by the accounting
department and CFO. This process is also very helpful for employees who in
the past had to fill out expense reports and send in invoices in order to
get reimbursed for charges made to their personal card. New expense
reporting software supports the use of corporate credit cards and allows
employees to view and approve their charges prior to submitting online for
approval. Future travel expenses can even be forecasted and managed more
efficiently using these reporting tools. How your company chooses to use
business credit card reporting capabilities is somewhat dependant on the
type of operations involved and the number of employees. Regardless of
size a business credit card can offer significant expense control features
to make your business work more efficiently. So the next time you think of
small business and corporate credit cards for just frequent flyer airline
miles and cash back rewards, remember that they are also a great tool for
managing company expenses.  Want to know more about business credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Reasons For A Small Business
Credit Card &ndash; Advantages of small business credit cards to consider.
Reward Options for Business Credit Cards &ndash; Opportunities to earn
rewards, cash back and airline miles with business credit cards.  Business Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading small business and corporate
credit cards with frequent flyer airline miles, cash back rewards programs
as well as low 0% APR credit card offers.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Using A Business Credit Card for more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and
Cash Back Incentives Learn how to use A Business Credit Card for more than
Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives including
controlling expenses with a low interest rate; reference article on Reward
Options for Business Credit Cards; see a comprehensive listing of corporate
and small business credit card offers. Using A Business Credit Card for
more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives Learn how
to use A Business Credit Card for more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles
and Cash Back Incentives including controlling expenses with a low
interest rate; reference article on Reward Options for Business Credit
Cards; see a comprehensive listing of corporate and small business credit
card offers. Using A Business Credit Card for more than Frequent Flyer
Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives Learn how to use A Business Credit
Card for more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives
including controlling expenses with a low interest rate; reference article
on Reward Options for Business Credit Cards; see a comprehensive listing of
corporate and small business credit card offers. Using A Business Credit
Card for more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives
Learn how to use A Business Credit Card for more than Frequent Flyer
Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives including controlling expenses with
a low interest rate; reference article on Reward Options for Business
Credit Cards; see a comprehensive listing of corporate and small business
credit card offers. Using A Business Credit Card for more than Frequent
Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back Incentives Learn how to use A Business
Credit Card for more than Frequent Flyer Airline Miles and Cash Back
Incentives including controlling expenses with a low interest rate;
reference article on Reward Options for Business Credit Cards; see a
comprehensive listing of corporate and small business credit card offers. 
Business Credit Card, frequent flyer airline miles, cash back, small
business credit cards, reward credit card 