  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards Articles Using
Plastics for Payments Using Plastics for Payments For the first time since
the dawn of payment cards, the use of plastic has surpassed that of cash
and checks combined. This is quite a milestone that has been driven by
growing consumer preference for credit cards and debit cards to pay for
everything from groceries to gasoline. In the past, certain
non-discretionary items such as food, fuel and doctors bills were strictly
paid by check or cash. But, as credit cards made inroads into these areas a
large portion of these payments shifted to plastic.  Debit cards carrying the Visa or MasterCard emblem have provided the most
growth in plastic payments in recent years. Aside from being safer and
easier to carry than checks and cash, debit cards continued to meet many
consumer's basic requirement that food and other core bills should be paid
for immediately, rather than being paid for with borrowed funds. Bank check
cards perform this task nicely by transferring money instantly from the
customer's checking account to the merchants account. The growth in bank
check cards has also been driven by broad merchant acceptance. While
credit cards typically charge merchants anywhere from 2% to 4% to accept,
debit cards normally charge very little in comparison. New merchant
categories continue to proliferate, including fast food, medical services,
local/state governments and even rental property management companies.  Visa commands a 75% market share in the bank debit card market, with
MasterCard covering the remaining 25%. American Express and Discover do
not have such product offerings due mainly to how they are organized as
vertical credit card companies. Visa and MasterCard are associations
comprised of member banking organizations, so they have a built-in bank
distribution network. Prepaid debit cards are a slightly different
variation on the check card in that they carry a pre-loaded or stored
value amount on the card rather than being tied to a checking account.
They still enjoy the same acceptance as a bank debit card but are simply
pre-funded. An important distinction between debit and credit cards
concerns liability protection. While most credit cards offer zero
liability for unauthorized charges resulting from loss, fraud or merchant
mistake, debit cards do not provide these protections. Only when a debit
card is used like a credit card, requiring a signed charge receipt and not
a PIN based transaction, are similar protections extended. While this
factor puts most debit card transactions at a slight disadvantage compared
to credit cards, it still makes them more convenient and safe than using
cash or checks.  To see a comprehensive listing of cards available through leading issuers
please visit our Prepaid Debit Card section to compare and apply for
offers online. For additional articles and tips about credit and credit
card related issues, please visit our articles section. Want to know more
about prepaid debit cards? Below are articles and resources that should be
of interest to you:  How Do Prepaid Debit Cards Differ from Bank Debit and ATM Cards? &ndash; An
overview of the history and uses of different types of debit cards. New
Technology Features Offered for Prepaid Debit Cards &ndash; The latest
innovations for prepaid debit cards. Prepaid Debit Cards &ndash; Compare
leading prepaid debit cards side by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Using Plastics for Payments - CreditCards.com Overview of the growth of
consumer adoption of plastics as payment cards rather than cash or checks,
involving the use of credit cards, prepaid debit and bank debit cards
issued by Visa and MasterCard. Using Plastics for Payments -
CreditCards.com Overview of the growth of consumer adoption of plastics as
payment cards rather than cash or checks, involving the use of credit
cards, prepaid debit and bank debit cards issued by Visa and MasterCard.
Using Plastics for Payments - CreditCards.com Overview of the growth of
consumer adoption of plastics as payment cards rather than cash or checks,
involving the use of credit cards, prepaid debit and bank debit cards
issued by Visa and MasterCard. Using Plastics for Payments -
CreditCards.com Overview of the growth of consumer adoption of plastics as
payment cards rather than cash or checks, involving the use of credit
cards, prepaid debit and bank debit cards issued by Visa and MasterCard.
Using Plastics for Payments - CreditCards.com Overview of the growth of
consumer adoption of plastics as payment cards rather than cash or checks,
involving the use of credit cards, prepaid debit and bank debit cards
issued by Visa and MasterCard.  payment cards, credit cards, debit cards,
Visa, MasterCard, prepaid debit card 