After the Intro – Variable vs. Fixed rate Credit Cards    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Variable Rate vs. Fixed Rate Credit Cards After the
Intro – Variable vs. Fixed rate Credit Cards Credit card offers typically
highlight their low or 0% APR introductory rates and other enticing
features but rarely talk much about what happens when those credit card
intro rates go away after 6 or 12 months. The go to rate as it is called
is more often than not a variable rate based on an index such as the Prime
lending rate the rate at which the top banks in the United States can
borrow money from the Federal Reserve . The go-to rate also varies
depending on your overall credit profile, since banks make their lowest
rate offers to those with the best credit i.e., lowest risk of defaulting
on their credit card balances due .  Variable interest rates appear to be very consumer friendly if the prime
rate is falling as it was in the past few years but banks normally place
what is called a floor rate in their cardmember agreements to maximize
their profit margins during such economic environments. The rate does
float upwards when the prime rate rises, however, which allows the banks
to fully pass on their increased cost of funds to you the consumer. Fixed
rate credit cards do exist in the marketplace and, for example, are often
touted as a fixed 9.9% APR after the introductory period. While a fixed
rate credit card might seem more appealing on the surface it is important
to realize that banks can and often do change their fixed rate credit card
rates by merely providing a 30 day written notice as stated in extremely
fine print in the cardmember agreement in a nondescript mailing or as a
buckslip inserted into your monthly billing statement.  Which type of credit card is best for you? Given the prevalence of variable
rate cards in the market with great introductory rates it may be a moot
point – variable is the way of the market. And, if you can stay
disciplined and not revolve balances each month there is no need to be
concerned with the interest rate at all. But, if you are trying to get out
of debt the rate carries tremendous consequences – the fact that it is
calculated as an index plus a margin or just a flat rate is probably
matters less than what that equals at the end of the day.  Want to know more about low interest credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: 0% APR Credit Card Offers – Here
to Stay or a Fad? – A review of the history of low and 0% interest
introductory rates on credit cards. How to use low APR credit cards to
become debt free – Tips on using 0% interest credit cards to eliminate
credit card debt. Low Fixed Rate Credit Card Offers – Compare leading
offers for low rate credit cards side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  After the Intro – Variable vs. Fixed rate Credit Cards After the intro
period variable and fixed rate credit cards offer credit card customers
go-to interest rates, fixed rate credit cards have stable rates but can
change as with a variable rate credit card, a fixed rate credit card or a
low interest credit card with low introductory rates can enable consumers
to become debt free. After the Intro – Variable vs. Fixed rate Credit
Cards After the intro period variable and fixed rate credit cards offer
credit card customers go-to interest rates, fixed rate credit cards have
stable rates but can change as with a variable rate credit card, a fixed
rate credit card or a low interest credit card with low introductory rates
can enable consumers to become debt free. After the Intro – Variable vs.
Fixed rate Credit Cards After the intro period variable and fixed rate
credit cards offer credit card customers go-to interest rates, fixed rate
credit cards have stable rates but can change as with a variable rate
credit card, a fixed rate credit card or a low interest credit card with
low introductory rates can enable consumers to become debt free. After the
Intro – Variable vs. Fixed rate Credit Cards After the intro period
variable and fixed rate credit cards offer credit card customers go-to
interest rates, fixed rate credit cards have stable rates but can change
as with a variable rate credit card, a fixed rate credit card or a low
interest credit card with low introductory rates can enable consumers to
become debt free. After the Intro – Variable vs. Fixed rate Credit Cards
After the intro period variable and fixed rate credit cards offer credit
card customers go-to interest rates, fixed rate credit cards have stable
rates but can change as with a variable rate credit card, a fixed rate
credit card or a low interest credit card with low introductory rates can
enable consumers to become debt free.  Credit Cards, introductory rates,
Low Interest Credit Card, Debt Free 