  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles What is a Credit Report? What Is a Credit Report? You
ve heard other people talk about it, and you know it is important. But,
what is a credit report? Put simply, your credit report is what lenders
look at when deciding whether or not to approve you for a new credit card
or other loan application. A good credit report can get you better credit
card APRs or car loan rates. On the other hand, a bad credit report can
also cause you a lot of problems.  There are three major credit agencies: Equifax , Experian , and TransUnion
. These agencies, or credit bureaus, collect and report information about
your financial habits and put this information into a credit report. Your
credit report typically includes: Your name Your Social Security number
Your current and previous addresses Information about your current and
past loans Your public record information bankruptcies, court judgments,
liens A list of companies that have reviewed your credit  Your credit report demonstrates to potential lenders how you handle debt
and helps them to determine whether or not you are a good candidate to
lend money to. That is why it is important to look at your credit report
once a year. This way, if there are any mistakes or problems, you can
resolve them with the credit bureau before applying for a new loan. You
can visit any of the three aforementioned credit agencies Websites to
purchase a copy of your credit report. For other credit and credit card
related articles, please visit our library of articles . CLICK HERE FOR A
FREE CREDIT REPORT & FREE CREDIT SCORE  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  What Is a Credit Report? A review of what is a credit report and how use of
credit cards impacts credit card APRs; how to acquire a free credit report
and free credit score from the credit reporting agencies - Equifax,
Experian and Transunion What Is a Credit Report? A review of what is a
credit report and how use of credit cards impacts credit card APRs; how to
acquire a free credit report and free credit score from the credit
reporting agencies - Equifax, Experian and Transunion What Is a Credit
Report? A review of what is a credit report and how use of credit cards
impacts credit card APRs; how to acquire a free credit report and free
credit score from the credit reporting agencies - Equifax, Experian and
Transunion What Is a Credit Report? A review of what is a credit report
and how use of credit cards impacts credit card APRs; how to acquire a
free credit report and free credit score from the credit reporting
agencies - Equifax, Experian and Transunion What Is a Credit Report? A
review of what is a credit report and how use of credit cards impacts
credit card APRs; how to acquire a free credit report and free credit
score from the credit reporting agencies - Equifax, Experian and
Transunion  credit report, credit card, Equifax, Experian, Transunion,
Free Credit Report, Free Credit Score 