  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles What is a Credit Score? What Is a Credit Score and
How Does This Affect Me? What is a Credit Score? You ve heard of a credit
report, but you don t understand what a credit score is. Furthermore, you
re unsure as to how this affects you when applying for a new credit card.
A credit score is a sum that is determined by lenders using a mathematical
formula and is derived from information taken from your credit report. This
sum is an indicator of how likely you are to repay your loans. In other
words, this is how lenders determine if you are a risk for lending money
to or if are going to be an ideal creditor who will pay your bills on time
and in full.  Lenders have been using credit scores as part of the lending decision for
over 20 years. There are several factors the can influence your credit
score: How you paid previous debts How much you still owe to other
creditors How long you have had credit length of credit history Number of
bankruptcies, charge-offs, and collections Current available credit When
all this information is factored together, the lenders determine your
overall credit score. How does my credit score affect me? A credit score
is just a number; however, it is a very important number. It is a vital
indicator of your financial health, in the same way that your cholesterol
number is just a number until you realize the significance that number has
on your overall health. To avoid a financial heart attack, it is important
to become familiar with your credit report and to rectify any mistakes or
errors that could negatively impact your credit score.  Lenders use credit scores to: Determine creditworthiness whether or not
they will give you the loan What Annual Interest Rate APR to charge A good
credit score can help you get prime rates that will save you money over the
long run. A not so good credit score, on the other hand, could cause you to
receive an APR that is a couple of points above the prime rate, which will
cost you a lot more money over the long haul. What is a good credit score?
Generally, the higher the score, the better. Each lender determines what
their &ldquo;good&rdquo; credit score range is and what constitutes a
risk. Therefore, it is best to discuss with the lender what their criteria
for credit scoring is and how this could affect your application. If you
have additional questions about credit scores and how they relate to your
personal financial situation, contact a financial advisor or a loan
professional. For other credit and credit card related articles, please
visit our library of articles .  CLICK HERE FOR A FREE CREDIT REPORT & FREE CREDIT SCORE  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  What Is a Credit Score and How Does This Affect Me? An overview of what is
a credit score and how does it affect me including an explanation of a
credit report, how lenders determine creditworthiness and set the annual
percentage rate APR on credit cards and how credit scores are built using
a credit card What Is a Credit Score and How Does This Affect Me? An
overview of what is a credit score and how does it affect me including an
explanation of a credit report, how lenders determine creditworthiness and
set the annual percentage rate APR on credit cards and how credit scores
are built using a credit card What Is a Credit Score and How Does This
Affect Me? An overview of what is a credit score and how does it affect me
including an explanation of a credit report, how lenders determine
creditworthiness and set the annual percentage rate APR on credit cards
and how credit scores are built using a credit card What Is a Credit Score
and How Does This Affect Me? An overview of what is a credit score and how
does it affect me including an explanation of a credit report, how lenders
determine creditworthiness and set the annual percentage rate APR on credit
cards and how credit scores are built using a credit card What Is a Credit
Score and How Does This Affect Me? An overview of what is a credit score
and how does it affect me including an explanation of a credit report, how
lenders determine creditworthiness and set the annual percentage rate APR
on credit cards and how credit scores are built using a credit card 
credit score, credit report, creditworthiness, credit card 