Cashback or Airline Reward Credit Cards    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards  Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Prepaid
Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials Advanta  American Express Bank of America Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First
Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter  CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Cashback or Airline Reward Credit Cards Cashback or
Airline Reward Credit Cards How they work... Generally, the idea behind
these two types of reward credit cards is that for every dollar you spend
on the card, you ll earn either a percentage of money back or a certain
number of airline frequent flier miles. The cashback reward credit cards
usually issue account holders a rebate check once a year, to be spent
however the cardholder wants. Airline rewards cards accumulate frequent
flier miles as spending increases, which can be used toward airline
tickets once a certain number has been reached with many airlines, the
number of miles required for domestic flights is 25,000 .  The airline miles reward card Airline reward credit cards are sponsored
either through the airlines themselves or through banks. Credit cards
offered through an airline allow consumers to earn miles toward tickets on
that airline only, while some bank-sponsored airline cards allow the
cardholder to choose which airline to apply the earned miles to. A typical
airline reward credit card earns 1 airline mile for each dollar spent on
the card, and often offers thousands of bonus miles just for signing up
for the card. Airline reward cards can be a great option for credit card
users who pay off their balance each month. However, the high interest
rates and annual fees for most cards make carrying a balance an expensive
option. Some airline cards charge as much as $85 per year for annual fees,
which over a period of years can potentially cancel out any reward benefit.
For example, paying an annual fee of $85 for three years adds up to $255,
an amount that would have otherwise paid for most advance domestic
tickets. Cardholders should also be aware that many frequent flier
programs restrict the traveler to certain dates of travel and types of
seats, and that the miles expire after a certain period of time.  However, the benefits can be significant as well. Many airline reward cards
often partner with hotel chains, rental car companies, and even
long-distance telephone companies, allowing the customer to earn extra
miles when they shop at the partner merchants. Airlines also offer
promotions when customers purchase tickets to certain destinations, on
specific dates, or in a specific way online, for example , allowing miles
to add up more quickly. Additionally, if a cardholder must make a
last-minute travel arrangement, he or she can afford the usually high
ticket cost by cashing in the airline miles. Cardholders hoping to make
the most of airline rewards credit cards should keep up-to-date with
current promotions, use the partner merchants when convenient, and pay for
cheaper trips while reserving the miles for more expensive travel. The
cashback rewards credit card The cashback rewards credit card allows
cardholders to earn a cash rebate on purchases they make using their
credit card. Generally speaking, the amount varies from 1% to 5%. Some
companies allow a base level of cashback earnings for all purchases, with
higher rebates on certain purchases, which vary by card but might include
groceries, items from certain retail merchants, or even gasoline.  One benefit of cashback cards, with respect to airline rewards cards, is
the general lack of annual fee. As noted above, this alone can provide
annual savings of up to $85. Additionally, members do not have to choose
how to spend their rebate checks in advance, unlike some airline reward
cards which lock the customer into a specific frequent flier program.
Which one is right for you? The bottom line: if you plan to pay off the
balance each month and do a lot of travel on any one airline, an airline
rewards card could be right for you. If you travel occasionally, and put
most of your monthly purchases on a credit card that you pay off every
month, consider a cashback rewards card. Cardholders of either type of
credit card, as with any credit card, must have enough restraint and
self-discipline to use the card only for purchases they can afford to
make. It is easy to fall into the trap of talking yourself into using the
card for purchases you can t really afford because you re earning miles or
a cash rebate. This is especially important because of the generally high
interest rates these cards carry. That said, if used carefully the
benefits of both airline reward cards and cashback reward cards can be
significant. Before making any decision that could impact your credit,
consult with a financial advisor or accountant.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles . Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit
Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts
Choosing the Right Credit Card for You Limiting Your Financial Loss  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Cashback or Airline Reward Credit Cards Comparison of cash back and airline
reward credit cards; two types of reward credit cards - cashback reward
credit cards and airline rewards cards that accumulate frequent flier
miles; airline reward credit cards allow consumers to earn miles and bonus
miles, airline reward cards are a great option if paid off each month,
cardholders should keep up with current promotions for airline rewards
credit cards; cashback rewards credit cards pay a cash rebate at different
levels for cashback earnings.  Cashback or Airline Reward Credit Cards
Comparison of cash back and airline reward credit cards; two types of
reward credit cards - cashback reward credit cards and airline rewards
cards that accumulate frequent flier miles; airline reward credit cards
allow consumers to earn miles and bonus miles, airline reward cards are a
great option if paid off each month, cardholders should keep up with
current promotions for airline rewards credit cards; cashback rewards
credit cards pay a cash rebate at different levels for cashback earnings. 
Cashback or Airline Reward Credit Cards Comparison of cash back and airline
reward credit cards; two types of reward credit cards - cashback reward
credit cards and airline rewards cards that accumulate frequent flier
miles; airline reward credit cards allow consumers to earn miles and bonus
miles, airline reward cards are a great option if paid off each month,
cardholders should keep up with current promotions for airline rewards
credit cards; cashback rewards credit cards pay a cash rebate at different
levels for cashback earnings.  Cashback or Airline Reward Credit Cards
Comparison of cash back and airline reward credit cards; two types of
reward credit cards - cashback reward credit cards and airline rewards
cards that accumulate frequent flier miles; airline reward credit cards
allow consumers to earn miles and bonus miles, airline reward cards are a
great option if paid off each month, cardholders should keep up with
current promotions for airline rewards credit cards; cashback rewards
credit cards pay a cash rebate at different levels for cashback earnings. 
Cashback or Airline Reward Credit Cards Comparison of cash back and airline
reward credit cards; two types of reward credit cards - cashback reward
credit cards and airline rewards cards that accumulate frequent flier
miles; airline reward credit cards allow consumers to earn miles and bonus
miles, airline reward cards are a great option if paid off each month,
cardholders should keep up with current promotions for airline rewards
credit cards; cashback rewards credit cards pay a cash rebate at different
levels for cashback earnings.   cash back, airline reward credit cards,
reward credit cards, cashback reward credit cards, airline miles reward
card 