Which Reward Credit Card Is Best For You    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Which Reward Credit Card Is Best For You How to
Determine Which Reward Credit Card Is Best For You The concept of paying
customers rewards for using a credit card was initially launched by the
AT&T Universal Card , which offered no annual fee novel for the time and
cash back on all purchases which could be applied toward your phone bill.
Following soon thereafter was the Discover Card, which pioneered the
concept of paying cash back to the cardholder at the end of each year
based on the total amount of card charges. Since these early examples,
reward credit card offers have become rather common with many offering
eye-popping deals of up to 5% cash back. Discover Credit Cards still
command the strongest market share for the cash back market but there are
many options offered by the major Visa and MasterCard issuers.  Credit card rewards that pay you points for your spending are now seen as a
cost of doing business for credit card companies necessary for gaining the
business of people who tend to put most of their purchases on credit cards
and tend to pay off their balance each month. The best way to find the
reward credit card program that best suits your needs is to examine your
spending habits. If you don't pay off your balance each month a reward
credit card probably won't offer the best interest rate available, since
they are more expensive for the banks. However, if you pay off your
balance in full each month and merely use a credit card as a payment tool
a reward credit card is a great way to get paid for spending. The next
thing to consider is what form of currency you wish to earn for your
purchases. Rewards credit cards most often pay 1 point per dollar spent on
the card but the redemption options for those earned points is where things
differ. Many offer a shopping portal where you can redeem your points for
merchandise, airline tickets or even cash. An example of this type of card
is the American Express Blue Card . Others give you automatic gift
certificates good for items on their site, such as the Citi Diamond
Preferred Rewards Card , where 5,000 points equal a $50 gift certificate.
An added incentive often involves earning more points per dollar spent if
shopping with the partner company itself.  Banks have partnered with hundreds of major companies, including airlines,
hotels and retailers to offer points which can be redeemed toward that
partner company's products. So the key to finding the perfect card is to
look at where you shop and which rewards credit card could pay you the
most points from your normal shopping and spending patterns.  Want to know more about reward credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Leverage Your Household
Spending to Maximize Your Reward Card Program &ndash; Strategies for
getting the most out of your reward credit card with everyday spending.
How to Supersize Your Credit Card Reward Program &ndash; Insider tips for
methods to increase your reward credit card earning power. Reward Credit
Cards &ndash; Compare leading Credit Cards with a Reward Program side by
side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Which Reward Credit Card Is Best For You How to determine which reward
credit card is best for you - overview of some of the best reward credit
card programs chronology, types of reward credit cards described, points
vs. cash back, no annual fee card examples including AT&T Universal Card,
Discover Card, American Express Blue, Visa, MasterCard; visit our Reward
Credit Card Section to see leading offers, learn how to leverage household
spending to maximize rewards Which Reward Credit Card Is Best For You How
to determine which reward credit card is best for you - overview of some
of the best reward credit card programs chronology, types of reward credit
cards described, points vs. cash back, no annual fee card examples
including AT&T Universal Card, Discover Card, American Express Blue, Visa,
MasterCard; visit our Reward Credit Card Section to see leading offers,
learn how to leverage household spending to maximize rewards Which Reward
Credit Card Is Best For You How to determine which reward credit card is
best for you - overview of some of the best reward credit card programs
chronology, types of reward credit cards described, points vs. cash back,
no annual fee card examples including AT&T Universal Card, Discover Card,
American Express Blue, Visa, MasterCard; visit our Reward Credit Card
Section to see leading offers, learn how to leverage household spending to
maximize rewards Which Reward Credit Card Is Best For You How to determine
which reward credit card is best for you - overview of some of the best
reward credit card programs chronology, types of reward credit cards
described, points vs. cash back, no annual fee card examples including
AT&T Universal Card, Discover Card, American Express Blue, Visa,
MasterCard; visit our Reward Credit Card Section to see leading offers,
learn how to leverage household spending to maximize rewards Which Reward
Credit Card Is Best For You How to determine which reward credit card is
best for you - overview of some of the best reward credit card programs
chronology, types of reward credit cards described, points vs. cash back,
no annual fee card examples including AT&T Universal Card, Discover Card,
American Express Blue, Visa, MasterCard; visit our Reward Credit Card
Section to see leading offers, learn how to leverage household spending to
maximize rewards  reward credit card, best reward credit card, cash back,
Discover Card, Visa, Mastercard, American Express 