    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Cash Back Bonus Credit Card – 5% back on Everyday
Purchases Cash Back Bonus Credit Card – 5% back on Everyday Purchases
There's an old adage that if something seems too good to be true, it
probably is. And the new 5% cash back offers that are becoming popular
have a lot of people scratching their heads and wondering if they are a
mirage in the desert. But these cash back programs are real, good and
true. Lucky cash back bonus credit card customers can now earn a full 5%
return on purchases made for everyday purchase transactions at grocery
stores, gasoline stations and drugstores. Since these types of purchases
tend to be required spending to obtain life's necessities, it is
especially rewarding to have a chance to earn extra-strength cash back
rebates.  Another nice thing about these reward programs is that they pay a full 1%
on all other purchases. When combined with the 5% for everyday purchases,
the cash back savings can really pile up quickly. So, whether you want to
look at it like you're only paying $95 for something that costs $100, or
perhaps as a simple surprise reward later down the road, it's a great
feeling. Popular cash back bonus credit card offers featuring the 5% bonus
include the Chase Cash Plus Rewards Visa , Citi Dividend Platinum Select
MasterCard and the Blue Cash Card from American Express . Even small
business owners can earn 5% cash back rewards from credit card offers such
as American Express' Business Cash Rebate Card from OPEN: The Small
Business Network and the Advanta Platinum with Rewards . If there is a
dark lining around the 5% cash back silver cloud, it's that purchases at
certain major superstore retailers, like Wal-Mart and Sam's Club, are
excluded from the higher percentage calculation. How could this be? It's
not a matter of the issuers playing favorites. Rather, it is because these
retailers have chosen not to code their purchase transactions in a way that
allows the credit card issuers to properly identify gas, grocery and
pharmacy-related purchases. Maybe in time this restriction will be
eliminated, but for now it's best to stick to the major grocery, drugstore
and gasoline retailers to ensure earning the extra 4% on those vital
purchases.  But how can credit card issuers afford to be so generous? It's all about
competition and building a better mousetrap, hoping to pay a little bit
more to capture those extra points of market share. Another motivating
factor for card issuers is the fact that many Americans have resisted
using credit cards for everyday necessities, preferring to pay by cash or
check instead. Perhaps it's been a reluctance based on the perception that
credit cards are fine for impulse purchases, but not for food, home and
health purchases. But behavior trends are changing, and with incentives
like the ones currently on the cash back credit cards market, it's no
wonder that more people are pulling out their plastic at the store,
pharmacy and gas pump. Retailers are helping in this area as well, by
providing express self-service check out isles that really speed the check
out process. And while some still accept cash, plastic is the preferred
means of payment to get in and out quickly. Bottom line, is the 5% rebate
too good to be true? It's probably best not to look a gift horse in the
mouth – so if you're in the market for a cash back bonus credit card ,
these could be a phenomenal option.  Want to know more about cash back credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How To Compare Cash Back
Credit Card Offers – Things to look for when shopping for a cash back
credit card to ensure you get the best deal. How Cash Back Credit Cards
Work - An explanation of the process for cash back credit cards.  Cash Back Credit Cards – Compare leading Cash Back credit card offers side
by side. Reward Cards &ndash; Compare credit cards with rewards programs &
apply online  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Cash Back Bonus Credit Card – 5% back on Everyday Purchases Overview of the
cash back bonus credit card featuring 5% cash back on everyday consumer and
small business spending. The latest information on the major card issuers
offering 5% cash back rebates with a credit card. Cash Back Bonus Credit
Card – 5% back on Everyday Purchases Overview of the cash back bonus
credit card featuring 5% cash back on everyday consumer and small business
spending. The latest information on the major card issuers offering 5% cash
back rebates with a credit card. Cash Back Bonus Credit Card – 5% back on
Everyday Purchases Overview of the cash back bonus credit card featuring
5% cash back on everyday consumer and small business spending. The latest
information on the major card issuers offering 5% cash back rebates with a
credit card. Cash Back Bonus Credit Card – 5% back on Everyday Purchases
Overview of the cash back bonus credit card featuring 5% cash back on
everyday consumer and small business spending. The latest information on
the major card issuers offering 5% cash back rebates with a credit card.
Cash Back Bonus Credit Card – 5% back on Everyday Purchases Overview of
the cash back bonus credit card featuring 5% cash back on everyday
consumer and small business spending. The latest information on the major
card issuers offering 5% cash back rebates with a credit card.  cash back
bonus credit card, 5% cash back, small business spending, cash back
rebates, credit card 