  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Cash Back Credit Cards – Show Me the Money! Cash Back
Credit Cards – Show Me the Money! Cash back credit cards are one of the
greatest innovations since sliced bread. Most carry no annual fee, are
accepted by merchants the world over and allow you to earn a cash back
rebate on virtually every purchase or cash advance you make with the card.
But not all cash back credit cards are created equally, especially when it
comes to how the reward is actually paid to the customer.  This raises the question of how do you determine the way you get paid cash
back rebates and which is best? Unfortunately, there is no particular
rhyme or reason to how cash back rewards payments are made and especially
how the credit card issuers disclose this information. A great place to
start, however, is to review the credit card offer's terms and conditions.
On the CreditCards.com website, this information can be found by clicking
on the Apply Here button located next to every card offer. This will take
you to a page with a blank application that also includes an underlined
link called either terms and conditions or pricing and terms , depending
on the banking partner that issues the credit card.  Once you click on the terms and conditions link, you will be taken to a
rather lengthy page that contains all the APR's, fees and other conditions
of card membership. Usually, under a section called Rewards you will find
the language that describes how your cash back will be earned and paid to
you. These are the fine print details that will allow you to determine if
you prefer one sort of cash back reward process over another. When
deciding which credit card best suits your needs, comparison of cash
rebate delivery procedures can be as important as other more common card
features, like intro rates and fees. The methods of cash back payments can
be as varied as the number of reward credit cards on the market. These
include statement credits, checks, gift cards or deposits into special
bank accounts. Any one method is not necessarily better than another. It
generally boils down to whatever type of repayment that you find most
rewarding. Some people find a statement credit to be the simplest and most
direct method of receiving their cash back. This type of payment tends to
be the most immediate, since it is most often made on a monthly basis. The
down side of statement credits is that it can be perceived as a mere
reduction in outstanding credit card debt, rather than cash in hand.  Cash back credit cards that pay customers with a check generally do so at
the end of a calendar year or after the cash back rebate has reached a
certain threshold, such as $25. The great thing about getting a check is
that it seems like a gift and is a really tangible manifestation of the
cash back reward that has been earned by using the credit card. The only
potential negative of getting a check is that it can take a little longer
to earn, since an earnings threshold must be met, or you have to wait
until the end of the year before it comes in the mail. Some credit card
issuers require customers to call to order their cash back rebate check.
Others send it automatically, regardless of the amount earned. These can
be important details to understand before signing up for a card and can
only be understood by studying the card terms and conditions. Another
potential benefit of those cash back reward programs that pay by check is
that many allow you to choose to receive your final reward in the form of
a gift certificate, normally involving a much higher sometimes double
value than if getting a check.  So, if you are the type of person who always pays off their credit card
balance every month, a cash back credit card is a great choice. But before
you choose, do a little research and decide what will give you the biggest
bang for the buck. For more information on credit cards or related topics
please see our library of articles .  Want to know more about cash back credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How Cash Back Credit Cards
Work - An explanation of the process for cash back credit cards. Cash Back
vs. Reward Credit Cards &ndash; A comparison of cash back and reward credit
card benefits. Cash Back Credit Cards – Compare leading Cash Back credit
card offers side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Cash Back Credit Cards – Show Me the Money! Article concerning how with
cash back credit cards consumers should ask show me the money,
specifically how cash back rebate cards provide cash back rewards at
CreditCards.com. Cash Back Credit Cards – Show Me the Money! Article
concerning how with cash back credit cards consumers should ask show me
the money, specifically how cash back rebate cards provide cash back
rewards at CreditCards.com. Cash Back Credit Cards – Show Me the Money!
Article concerning how with cash back credit cards consumers should ask
show me the money, specifically how cash back rebate cards provide cash
back rewards at CreditCards.com. Cash Back Credit Cards – Show Me the
Money! Article concerning how with cash back credit cards consumers should
ask show me the money, specifically how cash back rebate cards provide cash
back rewards at CreditCards.com. Cash Back Credit Cards – Show Me the
Money! Article concerning how with cash back credit cards consumers should
ask show me the money, specifically how cash back rebate cards provide cash
back rewards at CreditCards.com.  cash back credit cards, cash back, credit
cards, cash back rebate, cash back rewards, creditcards.com 