  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Cash Back vs. Reward Credit Cards Cash Back vs.
Reward Credit Card Programs Cash back and reward credit card programs
appear quite similar and are generally lumped together by most banks and
credit card companies. However, there are significant differences in how
you earn and what you can do with your earned currency . Which type of
cash back or reward credit card program is right for you? It all depends
on your tolerance for dealing with points vs. earned cash back credits and
if you consider spending points for rewards merchandise to be more
fulfilling than getting a cash back check a few times a year.  Cash back rewards programs are true to their name in that they pay you cash
back or rebate a percentage of the money that you have spent on your credit
card. This is definitely the most straightforward type of reward and is for
the reward seeker who wants cold hard cash in exchange for his or her
credit card loyalty. The trade off is that you may get less value at the
end of the day with a cash back program but it does not require any effort
to keep track of points or miles get your reward. Other types of credit
card reward programs pay you points for your purchases, typically at a
rate of one point per dollar spent on the card. The devil is in the
details, though, and credit card companies tend to set their advantage
with how they price award merchandise in terms of required points to
redeem for the things you desire. But, compared to buying the merchandise
at retail prices it is still a good deal – especially since you have
earned it for simply using your credit card on other purchases.  Some rewards credit cards have very specific currency, such as those issued
by banks in partnership with gasoline retailers or generic gasoline rewards
cards, such as the Discover Gas Card . Points earned on these types of
cards are accumulated in a points bank and applied as a credit to future
gasoline purchases. These can be a good deal if you must drive a lot and
have a significant monthly gasoline bill. But, as with other types of
statement credit rewards, consumers may not enjoy rewards in the form of
debt reduction as those that provide a gift or real cash in their pocket.
At the end of the day neither cash back nor rewards credit card programs
will make you rich but it is really a nice feature of the market that you
can get paid several hundred dollars per year to use a no annual fee
credit card. It certainly beats being in debt and paying interest!  Want to know more about cash back credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How To Compare Cash Back
Credit Card Offers – Things to look for when shopping for a cash back
credit card to ensure you get the best deal. How Cash Back Credit Cards
Work - An explanation of the process for cash back credit cards. Cash Back
Credit Cards – Compare leading Cash Back credit card offers side by side.  Reward Cards &ndash; Compare credit cards with rewards programs & apply
online  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Cash Back vs. Reward Credit Card Programs Cash back and rewards credit card
programs appear similar but differ in the type of rewards earned and how
they are delivered. To see the most competitive offers visit Cash Back and
Rewards Credit cards sections. Cash Back vs. Reward Credit Card Programs
Cash back and rewards credit card programs appear similar but differ in
the type of rewards earned and how they are delivered. To see the most
competitive offers visit Cash Back and Rewards Credit cards sections. Cash
Back vs. Reward Credit Card Programs Cash back and rewards credit card
programs appear similar but differ in the type of rewards earned and how
they are delivered. To see the most competitive offers visit Cash Back and
Rewards Credit cards sections. Cash Back vs. Reward Credit Card Programs
Cash back and rewards credit card programs appear similar but differ in
the type of rewards earned and how they are delivered. To see the most
competitive offers visit Cash Back and Rewards Credit cards sections. Cash
Back vs. Reward Credit Card Programs Cash back and rewards credit card
programs appear similar but differ in the type of rewards earned and how
they are delivered. To see the most competitive offers visit Cash Back and
Rewards Credit cards sections.  Cash Back credit card, Reward Credit Card,
rewards credit cards 