Citi Offers Virtual Account Numbers to Wary Online Shoppers    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter  Credit Cards News Citi Offers Virtual Account Numbers to Wary Online
Shoppers Citi Offers Virtual Account Numbers to Wary Online Shoppers For
the first time since the advent of the internet, online shopping
expenditures funded with credit cards are projected to exceed those of
brick and mortar stores this holiday season. Maybe it's being driven by
peoples desire to avoid the crowds at the shopping mall or perhaps
American's have just become more comfortable with using their credit cards
for online shopping. After all, Visa and MasterCard have spent millions of
dollars on advertising the fact that their cards offer zero liability in
the case of unauthorized purchases. These messages have been squarely
aimed at easing any anxiety over online shopping, since this is clearly a
growth area for credit card issuers and merchants.  But Citibank has raised the online security bar another notch. Now, Citi
card members can register their existing Citi credit card on the Citibank
website to access virtual, randomly assigned card numbers. These numbers
are connected to the card members existing account but are for one-time
usage when shopping online. This way, the card member's real account
number is never used in an online purchase transaction. The only
limitation of this technology is that virtual one-time use account numbers
can not be used for purchase items that will be picked up in person. This
is because the card member's physical card won't be able to be used for
verification, since the account number is different than the one-time use
number. Examples of these types of situations include online ticket
purchases that must be picked up at a will-call window or online
electronic purchases that are ordered online and picked up at a local
store. While this layer of protection can help many people sleep better at
night, probably the most effective way to ensure online shopping safety is
to be selective where you shop. Most credible online merchants offer
secure checkout procedures that can be verified by seeing https at the
beginning of the url address of the page in the internet browser window.
This indicates that any personal or financial information transmitted over
the internet uses sophisticated encryption technology.  But for some, secure checkout technology and zero liability just aren't
enough to put their minds at ease. And it is this segment of online
shoppers that the virtual account number service at which Citi is aiming.
It's probably a bit of overkill when it comes to protecting information,
especially since the same people that demand this level of protection
often don't think twice about giving their credit card and social security
number over the phone. Phone calls can potentially be intercepted –
especially if the call is made with a cell or cordless phone. So, if you
find yourself feeling a bit nervous when getting ready to hit the submit
button on your next internet purchase, you might find this Citi virtual
random digit technology comforting. Otherwise, you are probably just as
well off doing your shopping on a nice secure, well-known retailer's
secure website. Either way, it's better than fighting traffic. For more
information on credit cards or related topics please see our library of
articles .  Want to know more about prepaid / debit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Rebuild Your Credit with the
Eufora Prepaid MasterCard &ndash; Many people, including those with no
credit history or with less than perfect credit or with bad credit due to
late payments or outright bankruptcy, do not have as many options when it
comes to credit cards.  Using Plastics for Payments &ndash; For the first time since the dawn of
payment cards, the use of plastic has surpassed that of cash and checks
combined. What are the Pro's and Con's of Prepaid Debit Cards? &ndash;
Prepaid debit cards began to take off in the 1990's as credit card
company's realized that a significant portion of the U.S. population was
not able to qualify for many of their credit cards.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Citi Offers Virtual Account Numbers to Wary Online Shoppers Article
describing how Citi offers virtual account numbers to wary online shoppers
who fear shopping online, despite standard protections offered by visa and
mastercard involving zero liability for unauthorized purchases, by
providing virtual account numbers for credit cards. Citi Offers Virtual
Account Numbers to Wary Online Shoppers Article describing how Citi offers
virtual account numbers to wary online shoppers who fear shopping online,
despite standard protections offered by visa and mastercard involving zero
liability for unauthorized purchases, by providing virtual account numbers
for credit cards. Citi Offers Virtual Account Numbers to Wary Online
Shoppers Article describing how Citi offers virtual account numbers to
wary online shoppers who fear shopping online, despite standard
protections offered by visa and mastercard involving zero liability for
unauthorized purchases, by providing virtual account numbers for credit
cards. Citi Offers Virtual Account Numbers to Wary Online Shoppers Article
describing how Citi offers virtual account numbers to wary online shoppers
who fear shopping online, despite standard protections offered by visa and
mastercard involving zero liability for unauthorized purchases, by
providing virtual account numbers for credit cards. Citi Offers Virtual
Account Numbers to Wary Online Shoppers Article describing how Citi offers
virtual account numbers to wary online shoppers who fear shopping online,
despite standard protections offered by visa and mastercard involving zero
liability for unauthorized purchases, by providing virtual account numbers
for credit cards.  Citi, virtual account numbers, online shoppers, visa,
mastercard, credit cards, zero liability, unauthorized purchases 