  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Cleaning Up and Repairing Your Credit Rating Cleaning
Up and Repairing Your Credit Rating It can happen to anyone. You get a
credit card and start spending beyond your reach, or someone gets a hold
of your social security card or an old credit card and opens up new cards
in your name. The question is not how this happened, but what you can do
now to clean up and start repairing your credit rating.  As you start to clean and repair your credit rating, be aware that some
companies may try to take advantage of you. They may offer programs and
books that, for a fee, will erase your bad credit. These books and
companies cannot efface your credit card debt. There is no one solution or
service that will suddenly fix all your credit problems. Good credit comes
from good credit practices over time. Cleaning Up Your Credit Rating Check
your credit history. &ndash; There are three national credit bureaus from
which you can obtain a copy of your credit history. This report will give
you a complete picture of your current credit situation and will allow you
to check for inaccuracies. Any inaccuracies you find should be corrected
immediately by contacting the creditor with whom the error resides.  Don't apply for many credit cards over a short period of time. &ndash; A
lot of inquiries in a short period of time looks bad and can impact your
credit rating. This doesn t mean you can t shop around for the best deal
on car loans or other larger purchases, but you should minimize the number
of credit cards for which you apply, such as store or other promotionally
motivated cards. As long as your inquiries for an automobile or mortgage
deal are all within a 30-day period, many credit scoring programs and
creditors will disregard the multiple inquiries or consider them as a
single inquiry. Know how much you owe. &ndash; You should always know
exactly how much you owe on your credit cards. If you have several cards
with balances close to their limit, creditors might worry that you are
living beyond your means. In general, debt of 75% or more of your total
available credit does not look good. If you are high on your balances,
concentrate on paying them down before charging more.  Close inactive or old accounts. &ndash; There is no reason to keep an
account open that you don t use anymore. Banks and credit companies look
at your total debt potential when determining whether or not to approve
you. An old open account could cause you problems; therefore, the fewer
accounts you have open, the lower a risk you are to your potential
creditors. See Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts for more information.
Repairing Your Credit Rating Open a gas or department store credit card.
&ndash; If you have some serious credit issues from the past, a gas or
department store can help you start repairing your credit rating. By using
the card regularly and making your payments on time, you will establish
yourself as a careful credit user. Pay down balances. &ndash; Paying down
your current credit card balances will go a long way toward repairing your
credit rating. If these payments are beyond your means, contact the credit
card company directly to discuss your options. It is better to be upfront
and honest with them than to avoid payments altogether. Typically, once an
account goes to a collection service, the credit card company will not be
able to work with you. Instead, you will be causing more damage to your
credit rating.  Be responsible. &ndash; How good your credit rating is or is not depends on
you. Be responsible with your spending habits and know when it is good and
not good to use credit. Discuss your options with a financial advisor.
&ndash; A financial advisor can help you determine a strategy for managing
your debt. S/he can offer options on how best to repair your credit rating
with your current financial resources. For other credit and credit card
related articles, please visit our library of articles . Additional
Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards  Glossary of Credit Card Terms Repairing Credit Card Debt Credit Card Debt
Consolidation  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Cleaning Up and Repairing Your Credit Rating Methods for cleaning up and
repairing your credit rating with credit cards and how using a credit card
correctly can help build your credit history Cleaning Up and Repairing Your
Credit Rating Methods for cleaning up and repairing your credit rating with
credit cards and how using a credit card correctly can help build your
credit history Cleaning Up and Repairing Your Credit Rating Methods for
cleaning up and repairing your credit rating with credit cards and how
using a credit card correctly can help build your credit history Cleaning
Up and Repairing Your Credit Rating Methods for cleaning up and repairing
your credit rating with credit cards and how using a credit card correctly
can help build your credit history Cleaning Up and Repairing Your Credit
Rating Methods for cleaning up and repairing your credit rating with
credit cards and how using a credit card correctly can help build your
credit history  repairing your credit, credit rating, credit repair,
credit history 