  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter Credit Cards News American
Express &ndash; Coming Soon to a Bank Near You American Express &ndash;
Coming Soon to a Bank Near You American Express is a very well known
credit card brand but has never enjoyed the same level of market share as
Visa and MasterCard . That is because Visa and MasterCard are both
associations comprised of member banks. And it is these member bank
organizations that actually issue Visa and MasterCard credit cards, rather
than the associations. So, by nature of the way Visa and MasterCard are
organized they have an enormous built-in distribution network.  American Express, by contrast, is a stand alone organization that issues
its own credit cards and has built its own card acceptance network with
millions of merchants worldwide. Another key factor that has limited
American Express' growth has been the fact that Visa and MasterCard
established bylaws in the 1990's that prevented member banks from issuing
competing brands of credit cards. Specifically, these loyalty or
competitive protection policies were developed to exclude American Express
and Discover Card from threatening the market dominance enjoyed by the
associations. In 2004, American Express initiated a lawsuit against Visa,
MasterCard and a number of its largest member banks, accusing them of
anti-competitive business practices that had caused economic harm to
American Express. American Express prevailed in this lawsuit, with the
Department of Justice ordering both Visa and MasterCard to rescind their
loyalty bylaw provisions that prevented banks from issuing other types of
cards.  In early 2005, American Express began issuing cards through one of the
largest credit card issuing banks in the country and is expected to expand
their product offerings through an ever expanding network of banks with
which it plans to partner. The primary benefit to American Express will be
access to a well-funded and motivated marketing distribution network of
banks. The banks will benefit by the ability to market more products and
brands to its customer base and getting a competitive advantage over banks
that do not participate. Another sign American Express is venturing beyond
its own brand is recent efforts to partner with national retailers. A
promotion with McDonalds that encourages patrons to use their American
Express card to purchase an Arch card that can then be used as a gift for
future McDonalds restaurant purchases. While these types of marketing
ventures are somewhat incongruent with American Express' upper crust brand
positioning, they are probably a sign of the new marketing direction the
company is taking in its competition against Visa and MasterCard.  So, it may be a while before your corner bank begins issuing American
Express cards along with the ubiquitous Visa and MasterCard products. But,
you can be assured that amongst the larger credit card banks that can
afford to do national direct mail and print advertising, you will start
seeing a choice for an American Express card sooner than later. And,
choice is usually a good thing for the American consumer.  Want more news about American Express? Below are news articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: American Express – An
American Success Story &ndash; History of how American Express came to
issue products like the gold card and platinum card. Now Open for Business
– American Express Provides Open Access &ndash; American Express provides
open access with their small business card network. Become Part of the
IN-Crowd with the IN NYC, IN LA and IN Chicago Cards &ndash; Announcing
the new IN LA Card and IN Chicago Card from American Express. Allows card
members to become part of the IN Crowd.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  American Express - Coming Soon to a Bank Near You Article announcing that
American Express may be coming soon to a bank near you, relating to a 2004
ruling by the justice department that Visa and MasterCard can no longer
prevent member banks from issuing credit cards by American Express.
American Express - Coming Soon to a Bank Near You Article announcing that
American Express may be coming soon to a bank near you, relating to a 2004
ruling by the justice department that Visa and MasterCard can no longer
prevent member banks from issuing credit cards by American Express.
American Express - Coming Soon to a Bank Near You Article announcing that
American Express may be coming soon to a bank near you, relating to a 2004
ruling by the justice department that Visa and MasterCard can no longer
prevent member banks from issuing credit cards by American Express.
American Express - Coming Soon to a Bank Near You Article announcing that
American Express may be coming soon to a bank near you, relating to a 2004
ruling by the justice department that Visa and MasterCard can no longer
prevent member banks from issuing credit cards by American Express.
American Express - Coming Soon to a Bank Near You Article announcing that
American Express may be coming soon to a bank near you, relating to a 2004
ruling by the justice department that Visa and MasterCard can no longer
prevent member banks from issuing credit cards by American Express. 
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, credit cards 