    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Comparing 0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Comparing
APR Balance Transfer Credit Cards There are many 0% balance transfer
credit cards available, but before you jump make sure the cards are
stacked in your favor. If possible, be sure to get a credit card that
offers a low interest or 0% balance transfer provision.  Another often misunderstood procedure to be aware of involves how banks
allocate your payments amongst balances that are priced at different
rates. If you study the fine print in many offers you will learn that some
or all of your future payments are allocated toward the lower interest
transferred balances because they are most costly for the credit card
issuer to carry. This may not be in your best interest however since you
may have run up a separate and higher rate balances on new purchases which
you would want removed first . In this type of scenario none of your higher
interest rate balances would get paid down until your transferred balance
was gone. It is also important to realize that not only credit card
balances can be transferred. Other types of high interest debts, including
installment car and appliance loans, can be moved to a low interest or 0%
balance transfer credit card. This is typically handled through credit
card convenience or balance transfer checks provided by the issuing credit
card bank. It is important to note that some of these checks can carry
substantial fees – up to 3% of the amount transferred so be sure to read
all the disclosure copy. If this information is not provided at the time
of application take it upon yourself to inquire with the credit card
issuer to find out since this can be a significant shock if not expected.
Even with the fees, however, it is usually a money saving maneuver to
transfer balances from a high interest rate loan to a low interest or 0%
balance transfer credit card.  Our advice is to study the fine print and decide how you plan to use the
card going forward. As referenced in our article How to Eliminate Credit
Card Debt it is advisable to really control new credit card spending while
attempting to pay down an outstanding balance. Once this balance is
transferred to a low interest or 0% balance transfer credit card you
should have some breathing room to begin chipping away at it until it is
gone for good.  Want to know more about balance transfer credit cards? Below are articles
and resources that should be of interest to you: Eliminate Credit Card
Debt &ndash; Five steps to becoming debt free using 0% interest credit
cards. Credit Card Debt Consolidation - Retire Those High Interest Rate
Plastics - Tips on saving money by transferring high interest rate
balances to a 0% interest credit card. 0% Balance Transfer Credit Card
&ndash; Compare leading offers for 0% balance transfer credit cards side
by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Comparing 0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Comparing 0% Balance Transfer
Credit Cards and finding the best credit card with low interest with which
to transfer balances. Tips for head to head comparison of 0% balance credit
card offers to help eliminate debt available at Creditcards.com Comparing
0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Comparing 0% Balance Transfer Credit
Cards and finding the best credit card with low interest with which to
transfer balances. Tips for head to head comparison of 0% balance credit
card offers to help eliminate debt available at Creditcards.com Comparing
0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Comparing 0% Balance Transfer Credit
Cards and finding the best credit card with low interest with which to
transfer balances. Tips for head to head comparison of 0% balance credit
card offers to help eliminate debt available at Creditcards.com Comparing
0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Comparing 0% Balance Transfer Credit
Cards and finding the best credit card with low interest with which to
transfer balances. Tips for head to head comparison of 0% balance credit
card offers to help eliminate debt available at Creditcards.com Comparing
0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Comparing 0% Balance Transfer Credit
Cards and finding the best credit card with low interest with which to
transfer balances. Tips for head to head comparison of 0% balance credit
card offers to help eliminate debt available at Creditcards.com  0%
balance transfer credit cards, credit cards, low interest rate, transfer
balances, balance transfer, eliminate debt 