  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Comparing Cash Back Credit Card Offers How To Compare
Cash Back Credit Card Offers Cash Back Credit Card offers can all appear
the same sometimes. The general perception is that they are like Henry
Ford's Model T – you can have any color you want as long as it is black.
The reality is that there are many variations of cash back reward programs
so it pays to do a little homework before you choose your cash back rewards
credit card.  Discover Card was the original pioneer with cash back programs and
continues to enjoy a strong brand association in the American consumer's
mind with the cash back concept. The cash back rewards program began with
a flat 1% cash back formula but has evolved into a somewhat complex tier
system that pays varying percentages of cash back based on different
thresholds of spending. Most cash back rewards programs offered by Visa ,
MasterCard and American Express also follow this arcane formula, which
allows the bank to promote the top cash earning tier in advertising but
only requires them to pay a diluted average, i.e. much less than
advertised. For instance the first tier of spending, say $0 - $1,500,
typically earns in the range of .25% to .50%. The next tier might be .50%
to .75%, and so on up to whatever level the top tier is set.  Comparing the required spending tiers and related earning percentages is
critical to being able to the proper analysis of these cash back rewards
programs. Otherwise you are comparing apples to oranges. Thankfully, there
are also straightforward cash back rewards programs in the market, such as
the Citibank Dividend Rewards MasterCard . Under this reward program you
earn a flat 5% cash back on gasoline, grocery and drug store purchases and
a flat 1% on all other purchases. For the average family this program can
produce significant rewards. Another important comparison factor involves
how you receive your cash back. Some provide your earnings in the form of
a statement credit. This is probably the easiest delivery process for the
bank since it is electronic but may not be as satisfying since it is
reflected as a reduction in your outstanding balance. Other credit card
companies will mail you a check, either on an annual basis or once you
have hit a dollar earnings threshold of $25, $50 or $100. This comparison
is a bit more subjective but since credit card companies often put the
responsibility on you to call and claim your earnings there is the risk of
forgetting. Believe it or not a significant percentage of earned rewards go
unclaimed so it's important to remain diligent and monitor your earnings,
either online or by calling your credit card company.  Want to know more about cash back credit cards? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: How Cash Back Credit Cards
Work - An explanation of the process for cash back credit cards. Cash Back
vs. Reward Credit Cards &ndash; A comparison of cash back and reward credit
card benefits.  Cash Back Credit Cards – Compare leading Cash Back credit card offers side
by side.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |  Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Compare Cash Back Credit Card Offers How to Compare Cash back reward
programs and how they may appear similar but differ in how they calculate
rewards and how rewards are delivered, consult Cash Back Credit Cards
section for information on leading offers. Compare Cash Back Credit Card
Offers How to Compare Cash back reward programs and how they may appear
similar but differ in how they calculate rewards and how rewards are
delivered, consult Cash Back Credit Cards section for information on
leading offers. Compare Cash Back Credit Card Offers How to Compare Cash
back reward programs and how they may appear similar but differ in how
they calculate rewards and how rewards are delivered, consult Cash Back
Credit Cards section for information on leading offers. Compare Cash Back
Credit Card Offers How to Compare Cash back reward programs and how they
may appear similar but differ in how they calculate rewards and how
rewards are delivered, consult Cash Back Credit Cards section for
information on leading offers. Compare Cash Back Credit Card Offers How to
Compare Cash back reward programs and how they may appear similar but
differ in how they calculate rewards and how rewards are delivered,
consult Cash Back Credit Cards section for information on leading offers. 
Cash Back Credit Card Offers, cash back rewards, Discover Card, Visa,
MasterCard, American Express 