    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles How To Compare Credit Card Options For Those With Bad
Credit How To Compare Credit Card Options For Those With Bad Credit
Comparing credit card options may seem like a difficult exercise for those
with bad or less than perfect credit. It seems like all the major Visa and
MasterCard issuers along with Discover Card and American Express prefer to
only cater to those with good credit. While the major banks and credit card
companies definitely feel comfortable dealing with those with the best
credit many offer credit alternatives to those with less credit history or
less than perfect credit.  The spectrum of options runs from standard unsecured credit cards with
relatively low interest rates to those with higher risk-adjusted rates to
secured credit cards and finally to prepaid debit cards. How to determine
what is right for you? It's probably best to determine how you plan to use
a credit card and then start looking at your product options. If you only
need a card for emergencies or to book travel arrangements that require a
credit card perhaps a prepaid debit card is the best option. Our section
on Prepaid Debit Cards provides a comprehensive listing of leading issuers
of these cards. If you need to use the card as a short-term borrowing
vehicle then a standard credit card would best meet those needs. But if
your credit isn't the best you might end up paying a fairly high interest
rate for that privilege. Make sure the cost of those borrowed funds is
worth the expense in the long run because if you revolve a balance for
very long and only make minimum payments whatever you purchase on the card
will be very expensive. Usually borrowing for discretionary items like
clothes, vacations or home electronics doesn't meet the needs criteria.  Some banks offer incentives like rewards , cash back or airline miles on
their credit cards. Many banks will charge an annual fee for higher risk
accounts along with a higher interest rate. If you don't carry a balance
and don't incur the high finance charges this type of credit card can be a
good option since the rewards you earn will offset the annual fee expense.
Finally, secured credit cards can be a good option if you want a credit
card and are willing to make an initial deposit as collateral against the
assigned credit line. Once you have established a good payment history the
credit card issuer will begin to extend credit so that it turns into a true
credit line. And, since your funds on deposit earn interest you are putting
your money to work at the same time. Secured credit cards are a good way to
initially build or rebuild credit since it is a low risk proposition for
the bank and gets you started in the process of making timely payments
which are reported to the credit bureaus.  Want to know more about credit cards for bad credit? Below are articles and
resources that should be of interest to you: Credit Cards for Bad Credit &
Rebuilding Credit &ndash; Compare leading credit cards for bad credit and
that are designed to help you rebuild your credit. Credit Card Debt –
What's the Real Cost &ndash; Article showing the real cost of credit card
debt, which is not always financial, including options for debt
consolidation and credit card consolidation using balance transfer credit
card loans to consolidate credit card debt.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  How To Compare Credit Card Options For Those With Bad Credit An overview of
how to compare credit card options for consumers with bad credit; Options
with Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card and American Express credit cards and
prepaid debit cards. How To Compare Credit Card Options For Those With Bad
Credit An overview of how to compare credit card options for consumers
with bad credit; Options with Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card and American
Express credit cards and prepaid debit cards. How To Compare Credit Card
Options For Those With Bad Credit An overview of how to compare credit
card options for consumers with bad credit; Options with Visa, MasterCard,
Discover Card and American Express credit cards and prepaid debit cards.
How To Compare Credit Card Options For Those With Bad Credit An overview
of how to compare credit card options for consumers with bad credit;
Options with Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card and American Express credit
cards and prepaid debit cards. How To Compare Credit Card Options For
Those With Bad Credit An overview of how to compare credit card options
for consumers with bad credit; Options with Visa, MasterCard, Discover
Card and American Express credit cards and prepaid debit cards.  credit
card, bad credit, Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card, American Express,
secured credit card, prepaid debit cards, credit cards for bad credit, how
to eliminate debt 