  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Advanta Means Business Advanta Means Business Advanta
National Bank is one of the nation's preeminent credit card issuers
targeting the small business sector. CreditCards.com is proud to display
the best-in-class business credit card offers from Advanta, which began
operations in 1951 with a mere $30 from under the founder's own mattress.
Advanta National Bank knows what it is like to be a start-up small
business, which is why its business credit card products are tailored to
meet the unique needs of the entrepreneurial small business sector.  Advanta is clearly a business centered around small business customers.
They have built an efficient and knowledgeable customer service unit to
handle credit and credit card issues that are unique to the small business
person. For small business owners who wish to do business online, they have
created a state-of-the-art 24/7 online service center that can even provide
comprehensive management reports on an as-needed basis. Beyond service is a
full array of business card products. The foundation of the product set is
the Advanta Platinum Business Card. The Advanta Platinum Business Card
features 0% introductory APR for 12 months on purchases and balance
transfers, no annual fee and one of the largest available credit lines in
the industry, up to $50,000. As any small business owner knows, access to
capital is critical to business survival, as well as growth.  To meet the needs of those small businesses that want to earn rewards while
they use their Advanta credit card for business expenditures, there is the
Advanta Platinum with Rewards Card and the Advanta Platinum with Rewards
featuring Bonus Miles . Both of these products allow small businesses to
enjoy 0% APR for 16 months on balance transfers while being able to earn
up to 5% rewards in the form of cash back or applied toward free travel.
It can be a great thing to earn rewards just for spending money on the
things that a small business must buy to conduct daily operations. And,
with the Advanta Platinum Rewards program small business customers can
earn 5% cash back on purchases of gasoline and diesel fuel, computers and
related equipment, electronics, office supplies, telecom, utilities,
ground transportation and courier services. As you can see, the list of
eligible purchases for the amazing 5% cash back program is quite extensive
and covers every major business card expenditure category. So, the only
question that remains is where to spend the rewards. And, if your company
has multiple employees you can earn rewards off of their card usage as
well.  For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library
of articles . Want to know more about business credit cards? Below are
articles and resources that should be of interest to you: Business Credit
Cards &ndash; Compare leading small business and corporate credit cards
with frequent flyer airline miles, cash back rewards programs as well as
low 0% APR credit card offers.  Reward Options for Business Credit Cards &ndash; Opportunities to earn
rewards, cash back and airline miles with business credit cards. Reasons
For A Small Business Credit Card &ndash; Advantages of small business
credit cards to consider.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy |  About Us | Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit
Cards.com  Advanta Means Business Article describing how Advanta means business with
its business credit card selection featured on creditcards.com, including
the advanta platinum business card with 0% apr and cash back rewards.
Advanta Means Business Article describing how Advanta means business with
its business credit card selection featured on creditcards.com, including
the advanta platinum business card with 0% apr and cash back rewards.
Advanta Means Business Article describing how Advanta means business with
its business credit card selection featured on creditcards.com, including
the advanta platinum business card with 0% apr and cash back rewards.
Advanta Means Business Article describing how Advanta means business with
its business credit card selection featured on creditcards.com, including
the advanta platinum business card with 0% apr and cash back rewards.
Advanta Means Business Article describing how Advanta means business with
its business credit card selection featured on creditcards.com, including
the advanta platinum business card with 0% apr and cash back rewards. 
Advanta, creditcards.com, business credit card, credit card, Advanta
Platinum business card, 0% apr, rewards, cash back 