Credit Cards 101: What Are Credit Cards?    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Credit Cards 101: What are Credit Cards? Credit Cards
101 &ndash; What are Credit Cards? A credit card is a great financial tool.
It can be more convenient to use and carry than cash and it offers you
valuable consumer protections under federal law. However, it is also a big
responsibility. If not used carefully, you may end up owing more than you
can repay, damaging your credit rating and creating credit problems for
yourself that can be difficult to fix.  Chances are your mailbox is full of credit card offers from issuers, each
one trying to entice you into applying for their credit card. But, how do
you know if the time is right for a credit card? Also, what should you
know before you apply for one? The following information can help you
determine whether you're ready for a credit card, what to look for when
selecting a particular type of credit card and how to use your credit card
responsibly. How to Qualify for a Credit Card If you're at least 18 years
old and have a regular source of income, you are well on your way to
qualifying for a credit card. However, even though you may receive many
invitations and special offers from credit card companies in the mail, you
still need to demonstrate that you are a good risk before such issuers will
grant you credit. The proof lies in your credit record. If you've financed
a car loan or other purchase, you probably have a record at a credit
reporting bureau. This credit history shows how responsible you've been in
paying your bills and helps the credit card issuer decide how much credit
to extend.  Before you submit a credit application, get a copy of your credit report to
make sure it's accurate. The three major national credit bureaus are:
EQUIFAX &ndash; 800 685-1111; www.equifax.com EXPERIAN &ndash; 888
EXPERIAN 397-3742 ; www.experian.com TRANS UNION &ndash; 800 916-8800;
www.transunion.com Anyone who takes action against you in response to a
report supplied by a credit reporting agency&mdash;such as in denying your
application for credit&ndash;must give you the name, address and telephone
number of the credit bureau that provided the report. Based on the
information in your credit report, you can clean up errors and fix any
past credit problems. Establishing a Credit History Suppose you ve never
financed a car loan, a computer or some other major purchase. How do you
begin to establish credit? First, consider applying for a credit card that
is issued by a local store and use it responsibly. Ask if they report to a
credit bureau. If they do&ndash;and if you pay your bills on
time&ndash;you'll establish a good credit history.  Second, consider a secured credit card. It requires that you open and
maintain a bank account or other asset account at a financial institution
as security for your line of credit. Your credit line will be a percentage
of your deposit, typically from 50 to 100 percent. Bear in mind that
application and processing fees are not uncommon for secured credit cards.
In addition, secured credit cards usually carry higher interest rates than
traditional nonsecured credit cards. If these stipulations don t appeal to
you, another option is to look at prepaid credit cards or debit cards.
Third, consider asking someone with an established credit
history&ndash;perhaps a relative&ndash;to co-sign the account if you don't
qualify for credit on your own. The co-signer promises to pay your debts if
you don't. You'll want to repay any debt promptly so you can build a credit
history and apply for credit in the future on your own. An example of this
type of credit is a student credit card designed specifically for college
students. A parent or guardian will co-sign the student credit card, but
the student will gain the benefit from having his/her credit activity
appear on his/her own credit history report. Typically, student credit
cards have lower credit limits.  A positive credit history is an asset, not only when you apply for a credit
card, but also when applying for a job, insurance or financing for a car or
a home mortgage. If Your Credit Card Application Is Denied If you are
turned down for a card, ask why. It may be that you haven't been at your
current address or job long enough, or perhaps your income doesn't meet
the issuer's criteria. Different credit card companies have different
standards. Contact the credit card issuer directly if you are unsure of
their minimum credit requirements. However, if you are turned down by
several companies, it may indicate that you are not ready for a credit
card or that there is a problem in your credit history. If you are denied
credit because of information supplied by a credit bureau, federal law
requires that creditor to give you the name, address and telephone number
of the bureau s that supplied the information. If you contact that bureau
within 60 days of receiving the denial, you are entitled to a free copy of
your report. If your file contains accurate negative information, only time
and good credit habits will restore your creditworthiness. If you find an
error in your report, on the other hand, you are entitled to have it
investigated by the credit bureau and corrected at no charge.  You should dispute any inaccuracy in your report with the credit bureau as
well as with the company that furnished the incorrect information to the
credit bureau. Getting the Best Credit Card Deal Fees, charges and
benefits vary among credit card issuers. When choosing a credit card, shop
around and compare these important features: Annual Percentage Rate APR The
APR is a measure of the cost of credit and is expressed as a yearly
interest rate. Also, be sure to check out the periodic rate, which is the
rate the issuer applies to your outstanding balance in determining your
finance charge for each billing period. For example, if there is an
outstanding balance of $2,000, with 18.5% interest and a low minimum
monthly payment, it would take over 11 years to pay off the debt, with an
additional cost of $1,934 being racked up just for interest. That added
interest almost doubles the total cost of your original purchase. Grace
Period A grace period is the time between the date of a purchase and the
date when interest starts being charged on that purchase. If your card has
a standard grace period, you have an opportunity to avoid finance charges
by paying your current balance in full. Some issuers allow a grace period
for new purchases, even if you do not pay your balance in full every
month. If there is no grace period, the issuer imposes a finance charge
from the date you use your card or from the date each transaction is
posted to your account.  Annual Fees Many credit card issuers charge an annual fee for granting you
credit, typically $15 to $55. Some issuers charge no annual fee.
Transaction Fees & Other Charges Some issuers charge a fee if you use
their card to obtain a cash advance, if you fail to make a payment on time
or if you exceed your credit limit. Some may charge a flat fee every month
whether you use the card or not. In order to avoid surprises and excess
costs, understand what all the additional fees are before applying for any
credit card. Customer Service Many issuers have 24-hour, toll-free
telephone numbers where you can contact a person to discuss issues with
your account. Other Credit Card Benefits Issuers may offer additional
benefits, some with an associated cost, such as insurance, credit card
protection, discounts, rebates and special merchandise offers. Look
closely at all costs, benefits and rewards to decide if these options
would be beneficial to you. For example, if you pay your balance off
promptly, a cash back reward may be of interest to you. Credi-Quette Once
you get a card, sign it immediately so no one else can use it. Note that
the accompanying papers have important information, such as customer
service telephone numbers, in case your card is lost or stolen. File this
information in a safe place. Call the card issuer to activate the card.
Many issuers require this step to minimize fraud and to provide you with
additional information.  Keep your account information to yourself. Never give out your credit card
number or expiration date over the phone unless you know who you're
dealing with. A criminal can use this information to steal money from you
or to even assume your credit identity. Keep copies of sales slips and
compare charges when your bill arrives. Double check the charges listed
against your receipts. If you find a mistake or a charge that you did not
authorize, promptly report any questionable charges in writing to your
credit card company. Don't lend your card to anyone, even to a friend.
Your credit privilege and history are too precious to risk. You Are
Responsible for Your Credit Card While a credit card makes it easy to buy
something now and pay for it later, you can lose track of how much you've
spent by the time the bill arrives if you're not careful. And if you don't
pay your bill in full, you'll probably have to pay finance charges on the
unpaid balance. More importantly, if you continue to charge while carrying
an outstanding balance, your debt can snowball, and before you know it,
your minimum payment is only covering the interest. If you start having
trouble repaying the debt, you could tarnish your credit report. This
situation can have a sizable impact on your life. A negative report can
make it more difficult to finance a car or home, to get insurance and to
even obtain a job.  Federal Protections Federal law offers the following protections when you
use credit cards. Errors on Your Bill - Notify the card issuer in writing
within 60 days after the first bill containing the error was mailed to
you. In your letter include your name, you account number, the type, date
and amount of the error and the reason why you believe the bill contains
an error. In return, the card issuer must investigate the problem and
either correct the error or explain to you why the bill is correct. This
must occur within two billing cycles and no later than 90 days after the
issuer receives your billing error notice. You do not have to pay the
amount in question during this investigative process. Unauthorized Charges
- If your credit card is used without your authorization, you can be held
liable for up to $50 per card. If you report the loss of a card before it
is used, the card issuer cannot hold you responsible for any unauthorized
charges. If a thief uses your card before you report it missing, the most
you will owe for unauthorized charges is $50. To limit your liability, you
should be prompt in reporting the loss or theft of your card.  Types of Credit Accounts Credit grantors generally issue three types of
accounts. The basic terms of these account agreements are: Revolving
Agreement &ndash; A consumer pays in full each month or chooses to make a
partial payment based on the outstanding balance. Department stores, gas
and oil companies and banks typically issue credit cards based on a
revolving credit plan. Charge Agreement &ndash; A consumer promises to pay
the full balance each month, so the borrower does not have to pay interest
charges. Charge cards, not credit cards, and charge accounts with local
businesses often require repayment on this basis. Installment Agreement
&ndash; A consumer signs a contract to repay a fixed amount of credit in
equal payments over a specified period of time. Automobiles, furniture and
major appliances often are financed this way. Personal loans usually are
paid back in installments, too.  Credit cards are fantastic tools. The information provided herein is
designed to furnish you with basic information about credit cards. For
more information about which type of credit card is right for your
specific needs, contact your accountant or financial advisor. Credit Cards
101: What Is Credit? Almost everyone in America, from teenagers to
retirees, has credit cards. We see credit card ads everywhere we turn,
from TV and radio to the sides of buses. Credit card offers are even
mailed directly to our homes. But what are credit cards and why should you
have one? Put simply, a credit card, or credit, is an agreement between you
and a financial group, such as a bank, that you will pay them back in the
future so that you can buy something now. The financial group lends you
the money you need and in return expects you to pay them back over a
period of time. You will be required to pay the entire amount you spent
plus a small additional fee, called an interest rate if you do not pay
your balance in full and on time each month.  For example, you want to buy a new TV in time for a Super Bowl party at
your house. The TV you want costs $500. However, you can t afford to spend
$500 on a new TV all at once. Credit allows you to buy that TV today, in
time for your party, and then pay it off over time in whatever amounts you
can afford. In the end, the TV will cost you more than $500 when you add in
the finance charges. Credit can provide many advantages for the everyday
person: Convenience &ndash; In addition to enabling the purchase of items
now, it also allows a person to carry less cash and to order out of
catalogs. Additionally, it is the only way most online stores will accept
payment. Emergency Protection &ndash; Situations arise when extra money is
needed fast. Credit cards allow for emergency car repairs, health care or
any number of contingencies when access to savings or checking accounts is
not possible. Budgeting &ndash; Buying on credit allows for predictable
payments of large-ticket items in installments you can afford. Credit
Cards are also a good way of keeping a detailed record of your spending.  Security &ndash; Once cash is lost, it is gone. There is no way to get that
money back or to keep someone else from using it. If a credit card is lost
or stolen you can cancel the credit card. Additionally, a new card can
generally be sent to you within a matter of days. Traveling &ndash; No
matter whether you re traveling across town or across the country, it is
usually easier with a credit card. Most hotels and rental car companies
will not take a reservation without a credit card. Credit cards are a
great way to enhance our daily lives. When used responsibly, credit cards
not only help us to buy things we need but also to pay for them on a
budget and timeline we can afford. If you want to understand how credit
and credit cards will affect your specific financial or credit needs, talk
with a financial advisor before applying for any credit cards. This extra
step will ensure you are making the best decisions for you. For other
credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library of
credit card articles .  CLICK HERE TO SEARCH, COMPARE, & APPLY FOR CREDIT CARDS ONLINE  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Cards 101: What Are Credit Cards? Overview of credit card basics -
credit cards 101; discussion of how to establish credit, build a credit
rating using a student credit card or a prepaid debit card; Strategies on
how to get the best credit card deal credit card articles dealing with
student credit cards, credit history and how to get a free credit report
Credit Cards 101: What Are Credit Cards? Overview of credit card basics -
credit cards 101; discussion of how to establish credit, build a credit
rating using a student credit card or a prepaid debit card; Strategies on
how to get the best credit card deal credit card articles dealing with
student credit cards, credit history and how to get a free credit report
Credit Cards 101: What Are Credit Cards? Overview of credit card basics -
credit cards 101; discussion of how to establish credit, build a credit
rating using a student credit card or a prepaid debit card; Strategies on
how to get the best credit card deal credit card articles dealing with
student credit cards, credit history and how to get a free credit report
Credit Cards 101: What Are Credit Cards? Overview of credit card basics -
credit cards 101; discussion of how to establish credit, build a credit
rating using a student credit card or a prepaid debit card; Strategies on
how to get the best credit card deal credit card articles dealing with
student credit cards, credit history and how to get a free credit report
Credit Cards 101: What Are Credit Cards? Overview of credit card basics -
credit cards 101; discussion of how to establish credit, build a credit
rating using a student credit card or a prepaid debit card; Strategies on
how to get the best credit card deal credit card articles dealing with
student credit cards, credit history and how to get a free credit report 
credit cards, credit rating, credit history, credit report, establish
credit, prepaid credit cards, debit cards, student credit cards, best
credit card deal 