Credit Card Consolidation    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Credit Card Consolidation Credit Card Consolidation
How to save money in interest and finance charges There are a lot of
people out there with significant credit card debt. With bills piling up
and interest and finance charges more than your minimum payment every
month, it can look like you will never get out of it. But there are
answers out there. Of course the simplest solution is to pay off your
balances every month. This is a preventative measure, assuring that you ll
never get into credit card debt. But this is not possible for everybody.
So, what else can you do? What if you are already in debt and can t pay
off what you owe any time soon? Credit card consolidation may be the
solution for you. The following will discuss all your options in better
detail.  Balance Transfers & Introductory APR Rates Another answer would be to
transfer your high interest credit card balances to another credit card
with a lower interest rate. This is called a balance transfer and works
well for some people. But you should be careful of some cards that offer
you an introductory annual percentage rate APR . This means that the
interest rate will be low for a limited time and rise after that initial
period. If you go that route, make sure you can pay off the balance before
the initial low interest period is over, or you ll wind up in the same
position you are in now. Credit Card Consolidation Loan Another solution
is a credit card consolidation loan. A credit card consolidation loan can
help you to consolidate the outstanding debts on your current
high-interest credit cards to one with a lower interest rate and lower
payment. Here is how a credit card consolidation loan works: Let s say
that you have an outstanding balance of $10,000 in credit card debt.  Now, let s say that the annual percentage rate is 20%. If the outstanding
balance stays at $10,000, then you will pay $2,000 in interest charges.
Here is how that works out: $10,000 x .20 = $2,000 This doesn t even
include the finance charges that you are likely to incur during that
period. But let s say that you take out a credit card consolidation loan.
You can convert those high-interest credit card payments into a single
loan with a lower interest rate. So, let s once again say that you have
$10,000 in outstanding credit card debt. You take that and convert it into
a credit card consolidation loan with a 9% interest rate. Let s see what
that comes out to: $10,000 x .09 = $900 This is an annual savings of
$1,100 in interest charges. And if you put that savings towards to
principal of your debt, you can pay it off even faster. This makes a
credit card consolidation loan desirable for many people.  These are just some ways you can get rid of credit card debt. But credit
card debt of any sort should be taken seriously. It is usually a sign on
something more deep-rooted than just bad spending habits. It is usually a
sign of a more serious problem and debt is just a manifestation of that
problem. If you have significant credit card debt you may want to seek
individual, professional financial counseling. Before beginning a credit
reduction or credit rebuilding strategy, contact your account or financial
advisor to discuss your specific credit and financial situation. For
additional articles and tips about credit and credit card related issues,
please visit our articles section.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Card Consolidation methods for credit card consolidation and how to
save money in interest and finance charges; credit card debt and use of
balance transfers or credit card debt consolidation loans with a lower
interest rate or introductory annual percentage rates APR  Credit Card
Consolidation methods for credit card consolidation and how to save money
in interest and finance charges; credit card debt and use of balance
transfers or credit card debt consolidation loans with a lower interest
rate or introductory annual percentage rates APR  Credit Card
Consolidation methods for credit card consolidation and how to save money
in interest and finance charges; credit card debt and use of balance
transfers or credit card debt consolidation loans with a lower interest
rate or introductory annual percentage rates APR  Credit Card
Consolidation methods for credit card consolidation and how to save money
in interest and finance charges; credit card debt and use of balance
transfers or credit card debt consolidation loans with a lower interest
rate or introductory annual percentage rates APR  Credit Card
Consolidation methods for credit card consolidation and how to save money
in interest and finance charges; credit card debt and use of balance
transfers or credit card debt consolidation loans with a lower interest
rate or introductory annual percentage rates APR   credit card, credit
cards, credit card consolidation, credit card debt, balance transfers,
introductory APR rates, introductory annual percentage rates, credit card
consolidation loan, lower interest rate 