  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Repairing Credit Card Debt Repairing Credit Card Debt
Having trouble paying your bills? Getting notices from creditors? Are your
accounts being turned over to debt collectors? Are you worried about
losing your home or your car? Repairing credit card debt isn't as hard as
you may think.  You're not alone. Many people face financial crises at some time in their
lives. Whether the crisis is caused by personal or family illness, the
loss of a job, or simple overspending, it can seem overwhelming, but often
can be overcome. The fact of the matter is that your financial situation
doesn't have to go from bad to worse. If you or someone you know is in
financial hot water, consider these options: realistic budgeting, credit
counseling from a reputable organization, debt consolidation, or
bankruptcy. How do you know which will work best for you? It depends on
your level of debt, your level of discipline, and your prospects for the
future. Self Help Developing a Budget: The first step toward taking
control of your financial situation is to do a realistic assessment of how
much money comes in and how much money you spend. Start by listing your
income from all sources. Then, list your fixed expenses-those that are the
same each month-such as your mortgage payments or your rent, car payments,
or insurance premiums. Next, list the expenses that vary, such as
entertainment, recreation, or clothing. Writing down all your
expenses-even those that seem insignificant-is a helpful way to track your
spending patterns, identify the expenses that are necessary, and prioritize
the rest. The goal is to make sure you can make ends meet on the basics:
housing, food, health care, insurance, and education.  Your public library has information about budgeting and money management
techniques. Low cost budget counseling services that can help you analyze
your income and expenses and develop budget and spending plans also are
available in most communities. Check your Yellow Pages or contact your
local bank or consumer protection office for information about them. In
addition, many universities, military bases, credit unions, and housing
authorities operate nonprofit counseling programs. Contacting Your
Creditors: Contact your creditors immediately if you are having trouble
making ends meet. Tell them why it's difficult for you, and try to work
out a modified payment plan that reduces your payments to a more
manageable level. Don't wait until your accounts have been turned over to
a debt collector. At that point, the creditors have given up on you.
Dealing with Debt Collectors: The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act is
the federal law that dictates how and when a debt collector may contact
you. It states:  A debt collector may not call you between 8 A.M. to 9 P.M. A debt collector
may not call you at work if the collector knows that your employer doesn't
approve of the calls. Collectors may not harass you, make false
statements, or use unfair practices when they try to collect a debt. Debt
collectors must honor a written request from you to cease further contact.
Credit Counseling If you aren't disciplined enough to create a workable
budget and stick to it, can't work out a repayment plan with your
creditors, or can't keep track of mounting bills, consider contacting a
credit counseling service. Your creditors may be willing to accept reduced
payments if you enter a debt repayment plan with a reputable organization.
In these plans, you deposit money each month with the credit counseling
service. Your deposits are used to pay your creditors according to a
payment schedule developed by the counselor. As part of the repayment
plan, you may have to agree not to apply for-or use-any additional credit
while you're participating in the program.  A successful repayment plan requires you to make regular, timely payments,
and could take 48 months or longer to complete. Ask the credit counseling
service for an estimate of the time it will take to complete the plan.
Some credit counseling services charge little or nothing for managing the
plan; others charge a monthly fee that could add up to a significant
charge over time. Some credit counseling services are funded, in part, by
contributions from creditors. While a debt repayment plan can eliminate
much of the stress that comes from dealing with creditors and overdue
bills, it does not mean you can forget about your debts. You still are
responsible for paying any creditors whose debts are not included in the
plan. You are responsible for reviewing monthly statements from your
creditors to make sure your payments have been received. If your repayment
plan depends on your creditors agreeing to lower or eliminate interest and
finance charges, or waive late fees, you are responsible for making sure
these concessions are reflected on your statements.  A debt repayment plan does not erase your credit history. Under the Fair
Credit Reporting Act, accurate information about your accounts can stay on
your credit report for up to seven years. In addition, your creditors will
continue to report information about accounts that are handled through a
debt repayment plan. For example, creditors may report that an account is
in financial counseling, that payments may have been late or missed
altogether, or that there are write-offs or other concessions. A
demonstrated pattern of timely payments will help you obtain credit in the
future. Auto and Home Loans: Debt repayment plans usually cover unsecured
debt. Your auto and home loan, which are considered secured debt, may not
be included. You must continue to make payments to these creditors
directly. Most automobile financing agreements allow a creditor to
repossess your car any time you're in default. No notice is required. If
your car is repossessed, you may have to pay the full balance due on the
loan, as well as towing and storage costs, to get it back. If you can't do
this, the creditor may sell the car. If you see default approaching, you
may be better off selling the car yourself and paying off the debt: You
would avoid the added costs of repossession and a negative entry on your
credit report.  If you fall behind on your mortgage, contact your lender immediately to
avoid foreclosure. Most lenders are willing to work with you if they
believe you're acting in good faith and the situation is temporary. Some
lenders may reduce or suspend your payments for a short time. When you
resume regular payments, though, you may have to pay an additional amount
toward the past due total. Other lenders may agree to change the terms of
the mortgage by extending the repayment period to reduce the monthly debt.
Ask whether additional fees would be assessed for these changes, and
calculate how much they total in the long term. If you and your lender
cannot work out a plan, contact a housing counseling agency. Some agencies
limit their counseling services to homeowners with FHA mortgages, but many
offer free help to any homeowner who's having trouble making mortgage
payments. Call the local office of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development or the housing authority in your state, city, or county for
help in finding a housing counseling agency near you.  Debt Consolidation You may be able to lower your cost of credit by
consolidating your debt through a second mortgage or a home equity line of
credit. Think carefully before taking this on. These loans require your
home as collateral. If you can't make the payments-or if the payments are
late-you could lose your home. The costs of these consolidation loans can
add up. In addition to interest on the loan, you pay points. Typically,
one point is equal to one percent of the amount you borrow. Still, these
loans may provide certain tax advantages that are not available with other
kinds of credit. Bankruptcy Personal bankruptcy generally is considered the
debt management option of last resort because the results are long-lasting
and far-reaching. A bankruptcy stays on your credit report for 10 years,
making it difficult to acquire credit, buy a home, get life insurance, or
sometimes get a job. However, it is a legal procedure that offers a fresh
start for people who can't satisfy their debts. Individuals who follow the
bankruptcy rules receive a discharge-a court order that says they do not
have to repay certain debts.  There are two primary types of personal bankruptcy: Chapter 13 and Chapter
7. Each must be filed in federal bankruptcy court. The current fees for
seeking bankruptcy relief are $160: a filing fee of $130 and an
administrative fee of $30. Attorney fees are additional. Chapter 13 allows
persons with a steady income to keep property, like a mortgaged house or a
car, that they otherwise might lose. In Chapter 13, the court approves a
repayment plan that allows you to use your future income to pay off a
default during a three-to-five-year period, rather than surrender any
property. After you have made all payments under the plan, you receive a
discharge of your debts. Known as straight bankruptcy, Chapter 7 involves
liquidation of all assets that are not exempt. Exempt property may include
automobiles, work-related tools and basic household furnishings. Some of
your property may be sold by a court-appointed official-a trustee-or
turned over to your creditors. You can receive a discharge of your debts
through Chapter 7 only once every six years.  Both types of bankruptcy may get rid of unsecured debts and stop
foreclosures, repossessions, garnishments, utility shut-offs, and debt
collection activities. Both also provide exemptions that allow people to
keep certain assets, although exemption amounts vary. Note that personal
bankruptcy usually does not erase child support, alimony, fines, taxes,
and some student loan obligations. And unless you have an acceptable plan
to catch up on your debt under Chapter 13, bankruptcy usually does not
allow you to keep property when your creditor has an unpaid mortgage or
lien on it. Damage Control Turning to a business that offers help in
solving debt problems may seem like a reasonable solution when your bills
become unmanageable. Be cautious. Before you do business with any company,
check it out with your local consumer protection agency or the Better
Business Bureau in the company's location. Some businesses that offer debt
counseling and reorganization plans may charge high fees and fail to follow
through on the services they sell. Others may misrepresent the terms of a
debt consolidation loan, failing either to explain certain costs or to
mention that you're signing over your home as collateral. Businesses
advertising voluntary debt reorganization plans may not explain that the
plan is a Chapter 13 bankruptcy, tell you everything that's involved, or
help you through what can be a complex and lengthy legal process.  In addition, some companies guarantee you a loan if you pay a fee in
advance. The fee may range from $100 to several hundred dollars. Resist
the temptation to follow up on advance-fee loan guarantees. They may be
illegal. Many legitimate creditors offer extensions of credit through
telemarketing and require an application or appraisal fee in advance. But
legitimate creditors never guarantee that the consumer will get the
loan-or even represent that it is likely. Under the federal Telemarketing
Sales Rule, a seller or telemarketer who guarantees or represents a high
likelihood of your getting a loan or some other extension of credit may
not ask for or receive payment until you've received the loan. You should
also avoid credit repair clinics. Companies coast to coast appeal to
consumers with poor credit histories, promising to clean up credit reports
for a fee. They don't deliver. What's more, they can't deliver: They can't
do anything for you that you can't do for yourself. After you pay them
hundreds-or even thousands-of dollars in up-front fees, they can do
nothing to improve your credit report. Indeed, many simply vanish with
your money. Only time and a conscientious effort to repay your debts will
improve your credit report.  If you're thinking about getting help to stabilize your financial
situation, be cautious. Find out what services the business provides and
what it costs. Don't rely on oral promises. Get everything in writing.
Check out any company with your local consumer protection office and the
Better Business Bureau in the company's location. They may be able to tell
you whether other consumers have registered complaints about the business.
For other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our
library of articles . Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types
of Credit Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms  Good vs. Bad Credit Managing and Getting Rid of Credit Card Debt Cleaning
Up and Repairing Your Credit Rating Credit Card Debt Consolidation  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Repairing Credit Card Debt Advice on repairing credit card debt including
contacting creditors, dealing with debt collectors and debt counselors
Repairing Credit Card Debt Advice on repairing credit card debt including
contacting creditors, dealing with debt collectors and debt counselors
Repairing Credit Card Debt Advice on repairing credit card debt including
contacting creditors, dealing with debt collectors and debt counselors
Repairing Credit Card Debt Advice on repairing credit card debt including
contacting creditors, dealing with debt collectors and debt counselors
Repairing Credit Card Debt Advice on repairing credit card debt including
contacting creditors, dealing with debt collectors and debt counselors 
repairing credit card debt, credit card debt, credit card 