Transferring your way out of Credit Card Debt    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Transferring your way out of Credit Card Debt
Transferring your way out of Credit Card Debt Once you get credit card
debt, it is hard to get rid of it. That s just a fact. As much as credit
cards provide convenience, they can lead to disastrous financial results.
But it doesn t have to lead into bankruptcy. There are ways that you can
reduce debt from your credit cards and transferring your way out of credit
card debt is an option you might not have considered. The best way, of
course, is to pay off your credit cards in full every month. This may be a
little simplistic, but it s really the only way to be debt-free. You can
avoid interest charges and finance charges by doing this. None of the
following major credit card companies penalize you for doing this.  Visa MasterCard American Express Discover It all comes down the old adage
of: live within your means. In other words, spend less money than you
make. By applying this adage to credit card spending, it is a sure-fire
way to stay out of credit card debt. But what if you ve accumulated credit
card debt already? If you have outstanding balances on high interest credit
cards, then you might consider doing a balance transfer onto a lower
interest credit card. Credit card debt is one of the most stressful
situations a person can be in. You are stuck in a situation in which you
are paying money every month on a debt that you can t pay off. It s like
trying to dig yourself out of a hole while someone at the top is filling
it up. There are ways you can start to dig yourself out of the hole of
credit card debt.  There are 3 options you may want to consider to start getting yourself out
of credit card debt. Transfer your balance to a lower-interest credit card
- Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover have a variety of
different cards. Some have higher interest rates, while others have lower
rates. By transferring your balance to a card with a lower interest rate,
you can save hundreds if not thousands of dollars in interest charges. You
can compare these cards online. Transfer your balance from a high interest
card to one with a low introductory interest rate - You probably get these
in the mail all the time. Limited time offer! Pay no interest for 6 months!
0% till next May! All of these cards offer an introductory low APR
sometimes 0% when you get their credit card. But you have to be careful if
you use this option. Use it only if you plan to pay off the balance BEFORE
the grace period ends. If not, you might end up paying more than you would
have originally.  Get a credit card debt consolidation loan - This option can take a lot of
the stress out of trying to juggle credit card accounts. You can
consolidate all your credit card debt into one easy payment at a fixed
interest rate. This rate is almost always lower than the one the credit
card companies will give you. Any of these 3 options can work for you. You
just have to decide which route you want to take to move towards a
debt-free existence. Before applying for any credit card, be sure to
discuss with your financial advisor which credit card is best for your
unique financial situation. .For other credit and credit card related
articles, please visit our library of articles Additional Resources Credit
and Credit Cards  Types of Credit Cards Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of
Closing Accounts Protecting Your Credit Card Limiting Your Financial Loss  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Transferring your way out of Credit Card Debt Methods for transferring your
way out of credit card debt; The major issuers of credit cards, Visa,
MasterCard, Amex, American Express and Discover do not penalize for
transferring balances; transfer your balance to a lower interest credit
card or one with a low introductory interest rate introductory low APR or
get a credit card debt consolidation loan Transferring your way out of
Credit Card Debt Methods for transferring your way out of credit card
debt; The major issuers of credit cards, Visa, MasterCard, Amex, American
Express and Discover do not penalize for transferring balances; transfer
your balance to a lower interest credit card or one with a low
introductory interest rate introductory low APR or get a credit card debt
consolidation loan Transferring your way out of Credit Card Debt Methods
for transferring your way out of credit card debt; The major issuers of
credit cards, Visa, MasterCard, Amex, American Express and Discover do not
penalize for transferring balances; transfer your balance to a lower
interest credit card or one with a low introductory interest rate
introductory low APR or get a credit card debt consolidation loan
Transferring your way out of Credit Card Debt Methods for transferring
your way out of credit card debt; The major issuers of credit cards, Visa,
MasterCard, Amex, American Express and Discover do not penalize for
transferring balances; transfer your balance to a lower interest credit
card or one with a low introductory interest rate introductory low APR or
get a credit card debt consolidation loan Transferring your way out of
Credit Card Debt Methods for transferring your way out of credit card
debt; The major issuers of credit cards, Visa, MasterCard, Amex, American
Express and Discover do not penalize for transferring balances; transfer
your balance to a lower interest credit card or one with a low
introductory interest rate introductory low APR or get a credit card debt
consolidation loan  transferring debt, credit card debt, Visa, MasterCard,
Amex, American Express, Discover, credit card, credit card debt
consolidation loan 