  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Credit Card Debt Consolidation Credit Card Debt
Consolidation – Retire Those High Rate Plastics Credit Card Debt
Consolidation is big business as evidenced by the amount of advertising
that is on the airwaves and online. And it's no wonder with the average
American household being in credit card debt to the tune of $9,000 on
average. But, not all credit card debt consolidation options are equal. It
all depends on your personal situation and the magnitude of your debt.  For the past decade banks and financial service companies have heavily
marketed Home Equity Loans as the best way to consolidate debt. Leading
financial experts caution that leveraging your home's equity, although
tax-advantaged, is not something to do without great consideration. If you
default on a credit card balance you might hurt your credit rating but if
you default on your home equity loan you can lose your home – not a
situation you want to learn about firsthand. In order to consolidate
credit card debt it is can be helpful to first look toward leading credit
card offers that can provide low interest or 0% balance transfer options.
This type of straight forward consolidation from one or more high interest
rate credit cards to one better rate credit card could save hundreds of
dollars per month. Many people develop a sense of loyalty to their first
card or one that offers some type of reward or benefit. But if the issuer
has begun charging high interest rates the loyalty should stop there.
There are too many options in the marketplace with low interest or 0%
balance transfer credit card features to put up with a high rate credit
card in your wallet.  As stated in our article Eliminate Credit Card Debt , one of the primary
steps to getting debt free is to refinance your high interest balances and
get lower payments. And, once you are paying less in interest you can,
through financial self discipline, apply more money toward retiring the
principal and finally be free. Debt consolidation can be a great thing if
you can slash your interest and begin crawling out of the hole that has
been dug. But remember that it is not a solution unto itself but rather
one of many steps to gaining financial freedom.  Want to know more about balance transfer credit cards? Below are articles
and resources that should be of interest to you: Eliminate Credit Card
Debt &ndash; Five steps to becoming debt free using 0% interest credit
cards. Comparing 0% Balance Transfer Offers &ndash; Tips on how to use 0%
balance transfer credit cards to eliminate credit card debt. 0% Balance
Transfer Credit Cards &ndash; Compare leading offers for 0% balance
transfer credit card offers side by side.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Card Debt Consolidation Article detailing options for credit card
debt consolidation through balance transfer credit card offers.  Credit
Card Debt Consolidation Article detailing options for credit card debt
consolidation through balance transfer credit card offers.  Credit Card
Debt Consolidation Article detailing options for credit card debt
consolidation through balance transfer credit card offers.  Credit Card
Debt Consolidation Article detailing options for credit card debt
consolidation through balance transfer credit card offers.  Credit Card
Debt Consolidation Article detailing options for credit card debt
consolidation through balance transfer credit card offers.   credit card,
debt consolidation 