    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards News Credit Card Debt in 2005 Credit Card Debt in 2005 With
the deadline for the new bankruptcy law nearing, credit card delinquencies
continue at an all time high. U.S. families are finding themselves deeper
and deeper in personal debt, and yet they are encouraged to keep on
spending to help the economy. The recent hurricane victims in the southern
gulf states have had to rely on credit card spending and the lenient
repayment terms offered by national banks to survive. This has put focus
on a frightening reality of American consumer life – that fully one third
of adult Americans have zero personal savings. Absolute zero. It's no
wonder that even the slightest financial pothole can be the tipping point
that triggers credit card delinquency, or even personal bankruptcy. And,
adding to the problem is out of control spending during peaceful times,
with nearly 40% of credit card users only making minimum payments each
month. Engaging in habitual personal deficit spending is a misguided
strategy, as spiraling debt ultimately benefits neither the economy nor
the individual. And, it might not be best to look to Washington for any
wisdom on the subject. Federal spending, too, has historically been out of
control as well.  So, who or what is to blame for this pervasive situation? A culture of
spending, mostly, but part of the issue involves messages from the media
which is supported by advertisers, and typically pounds home the buy more
message in order to keep ad revenues flowing . Add to that urgings from
the government to keep on spending to create jobs and help the economy,
especially when it comes to recycling tax refunds. But there will be
consequences. At both the personal and federal level, we are in serious
need of debt counseling and restructuring. The entire nation, it seems,
needs an education on the downside of out of control spending, and we need
to start sending messages that saving money is OK, too. If a business were
run like an individual's personal finances or the like the government's it
would quickly find itself bankrupt and out of business. It is simply an
unsustainable situation to live beyond one's means. At least the
government has the ability to raise revenues by having taxing authority,
but individuals generally must live on a standard wage or salary.  It's important to realize that credit cards are not the problem, however.
It is the spending and money management discipline of the people that use
them. Credit cards can actually even help a person get out of debt, if
used properly. By transferring high interest rate balances onto a new debt
consolidation card offering 0% or low interest rates, thousands of dollars
can be saved a year. And, it's the perfect opportunity to pay off those
balances instead of paying interest to the credit card issuer. Spending
may be good for the economy in the near term, but a burden of debt crushes
economic growth in the long term. But you can do your part to help the
country and yourself – get the best card in terms of interest rates and
maybe even find one that rewards you for everyday purchases. And, more
importantly, live within your means. For other credit and credit card
related news, please visit our news center .  Related credit card topics highlighting credit card news in 2005 and news
on how to protect your credit card: The New Bankruptcy Law &ndash; An
overview of the new bankruptcy law and what it means for consumers. Earn
5% Cash Back with Discover &ndash; Overview of how to earn 5% cash back
with a discover credit card through their cash back bonus program.  Pay in the Blink of an Eye with the Chase Blink Card &ndash; Article
detailing the technology behind the new chase blink card, allowing
cardholders to pay in the blink of an eye using RFID contact-less payment
technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us |  Contact Us | Home Page | Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Card Debt in 2005 Overview of American credit card debt in 2005, the
new bankruptcy law and how personal debt is expected to impact personal
bankruptcy rates; Options for relief through debt counseling and getting
out of credit card debt. Credit Card Debt in 2005 Overview of American
credit card debt in 2005, the new bankruptcy law and how personal debt is
expected to impact personal bankruptcy rates; Options for relief through
debt counseling and getting out of credit card debt. Credit Card Debt in
2005 Overview of American credit card debt in 2005, the new bankruptcy law
and how personal debt is expected to impact personal bankruptcy rates;
Options for relief through debt counseling and getting out of credit card
debt. Credit Card Debt in 2005 Overview of American credit card debt in
2005, the new bankruptcy law and how personal debt is expected to impact
personal bankruptcy rates; Options for relief through debt counseling and
getting out of credit card debt. Credit Card Debt in 2005 Overview of
American credit card debt in 2005, the new bankruptcy law and how personal
debt is expected to impact personal bankruptcy rates; Options for relief
through debt counseling and getting out of credit card debt.  credit card
debt, the new bankruptcy law, personal debt, debt consolidation, personal
bankruptcy, debt counseling, credit card 