    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Credit Card Debt – What's the Real Cost Credit Card
Debt – What's the Real Cost Credit cards are great tools that most
Americans can't live without. But there is a cost to consistently living
beyond your means, and it's not always just financial. But the financial
cost is probably the most evident reminder that you can't continue to rob
Peter to pay Paul. Sooner or later you must face reality and get your
financial house in order with a debt consolidation plan.  Credit card debt is an epidemic in the western world, most notably in the
United States. The average American is thousands of dollars in debt and
the average interest rate is over 14%. A little simple math leads to the
conclusion that most people have to spend hundreds of dollars every month
in the form of finance charges. And, for those not able to service this
debt in the form of making the minimum payments or are just a little
forgetful, late payments can rear their ugly heads. The average late
payment has grown steadily in recent years to the point where most banks
charge a whopping $35 late fee. The combination of large outstanding
balances, penalty pricing and late fees can often conspire to keep some
people in a cycle of credit card debt. For those who have managed to keep
their credit rating intact i.e. they haven't been late with any of their
credit card or other monthly debt obligations or have too much credit
outstanding , the best course of action may be to seek out a credit card
debt consolidation loan. This can be accomplished through a home equity
loan that allows credit card consolidation. Another option could be to
find a balance transfer credit card that will allow credit card
consolidation. There are numerous balance transfer credit card options
available, many of which provide 0% introductory APR for up to 12 months.  By consolidating credit card debt you can actually set yourself on a
realistic trajectory to becoming debt free. This is an amazing concept for
many people, but it's really the only sustainable way to live financially
speaking . When you consistently spend more than you make in personal
income, you are not just making it hard on your budget. You are severely
limiting yourself by essentially paying for everything you charge over and
over again. For some, the payments on their card purchases never stop. This
is especially true if they keep adding to the balance month after month.
For example, if you buy a new computer for $2,000 with your credit card
and you just happen to already have an outstanding balance, you won't even
get a grace period on that new purchase. That means that you will start
paying interest on that new purchase from day one. And, if you don't have
a great introductory interest rate you will most probably be paying
upwards of 14%. No problem, you think. You'll just make the minimum
payments and everything will be fine. The only problem is that by paying
the minimum you would be paying little, if any, of the principal amount
remember the original $2,000? . So you will keep essentially paying the
rent charge on that borrowed $2,000 for years in perpetuity. Sounds a bit
frightening, doesn't it?  Well, it doesn't have to be that way. Simply start paying down that big
balance with disciplined payments, even if it takes a while. And getting a
new credit card with a lower interest rate and 0% APR is really helpful if
you qualify , can give you quite a head start. Just be sure to use that
interest free period to pay off the balance rather than adding to it. For
other credit and credit card related articles, please visit our library of
articles .  Want to know more about credit cards for repairing debt? Below are articles
and resources that should be of interest to you: How To Compare Credit Card
Options For Those With Bad Credit &ndash; An overview of how to compare
credit card options for consumers with bad credit; Options with Visa,
MasterCard, Discover Card and American Express credit cards and prepaid
debit cards. Credit Cards for Bad Credit & Rebuilding Credit &ndash;
Compare leading credit cards for bad credit and that are designed to help
you rebuild your credit.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Card Debt – What's the Real Cost Article showing the real cost of
credit card debt, which is not always financial, including options for
debt consolidation and credit card consolidation using balance transfer
credit card loans to consolidate credit card debt. Credit Card Debt –
What's the Real Cost Article showing the real cost of credit card debt,
which is not always financial, including options for debt consolidation
and credit card consolidation using balance transfer credit card loans to
consolidate credit card debt. Credit Card Debt – What's the Real Cost
Article showing the real cost of credit card debt, which is not always
financial, including options for debt consolidation and credit card
consolidation using balance transfer credit card loans to consolidate
credit card debt. Credit Card Debt – What's the Real Cost Article showing
the real cost of credit card debt, which is not always financial,
including options for debt consolidation and credit card consolidation
using balance transfer credit card loans to consolidate credit card debt.
Credit Card Debt – What's the Real Cost Article showing the real cost of
credit card debt, which is not always financial, including options for
debt consolidation and credit card consolidation using balance transfer
credit card loans to consolidate credit card debt.  credit card, credit
card debt, credit card consolidation, balance transfer credit card, debt
consolidation, consolidating credit card debt 