    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Credit Card Debt – The Revolving Door Credit Card
Debt – The Revolving Door If you are in credit card debt you can count
yourself as belonging to a rather large fraternity of Americans. In fact,
more than 2 out of 3 citizens of our capitalistic society are up to their
eyeballs in credit card debt, with the average American owing over $9,000.
 Of course, most people don't start out with a plan to get into credit card
debt. Consumer debt creeps up on people without much notice. In fact,
credit card debt is rather similar to those unwelcome holiday pounds that
are so easy to put on but almost impossible to shed. Credit card debt is
created in small, consistent steps that provide instant gratification of
our basic human need and desires again, kind of like sneaking the
occasional cookie or piece of pie that ends up on our waistline . The
internet and airwaves are rife with credit card debt consolidation offers
that hold out the promise to desperate victims of credit card debt of the
prospect of becoming debt free. But, becoming debt free is a process that
requires a complete change in attitude concerning how personal finances
are handled. Again, similar to how a person must form a new relationship
with food in order to lose weight, those in credit card debt must form a
new relationship with money to become debt free.  Credit card debt consolidation can be a good first step, if done properly.
By taking revolving debt from several high-interest credit cards and
moving it to one lower interest rate credit card , a person can save
thousands of dollars per year in finance charges. Such 0% balance transfer
offers are out there, but do require reasonably good credit to qualify.
But, for many people who find themselves buried in credit card debt with
high interest rates, a balance transfer or debt consolidation loan only
temporarily mitigates their financial trouble. If there is a chronic
underlying problem that involves not being able to live within one's
means, the specter of credit card debt will reappear down the road as sure
as the sun rises in the east. So how does one stop the revolving door of
credit card debt? Probably the best approach is to look at yourself in the
mirror and decide once and for all to do something about the way you spend
money. It's really just a matter of how you spend, where you spend and
what you spend. Create a budget for the necessary things in life, as well
as some small extravagances. Most people are surprised at how much money
they waste each month when they track their cash and credit card spending.
 While some debt consolidation experts recommend cutting up all credit
cards, this is probably a bit too extreme. Perhaps a better approach is to
keep one or two credit cards that have low interest rates or even 0% APR
for emergencies. But the most important thing is to stop adding to the
outstanding balances with new purchases. That way you can begin the long,
but necessary process of paying down the principal. And, once you become
free from credit card debt, vow to never venture down that dark alley
again. For more information on credit cards or related topics, please
visit our library of articles .  Want to know more about credit cards for repairing debt? Below are articles
and resources that should be of interest to you: Credit Card Debt
Consolidation – Get Debt Free in 2006 &ndash; Credit card debt can be a
debilitating situation that puts a drag on your personal finances and
limits your options for doing many other things in life. How To Compare
Credit Card Options For Those With Bad Credit &ndash; An overview of how
to compare credit card options for consumers with bad credit; Options with
Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card and American Express credit cards and
prepaid debit cards.    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Credit Card Debt – The Revolving Door Article discussing credit card debt
as a revolving door, how a credit card can cause consumer debt but also
lead to becoming debt free if used for a balance transfer for credit card
consolidation or a debt consolidation card with 0% APR. Credit Card Debt –
The Revolving Door Article discussing credit card debt as a revolving door,
how a credit card can cause consumer debt but also lead to becoming debt
free if used for a balance transfer for credit card consolidation or a
debt consolidation card with 0% APR. Credit Card Debt – The Revolving Door
Article discussing credit card debt as a revolving door, how a credit card
can cause consumer debt but also lead to becoming debt free if used for a
balance transfer for credit card consolidation or a debt consolidation
card with 0% APR. Credit Card Debt – The Revolving Door Article discussing
credit card debt as a revolving door, how a credit card can cause consumer
debt but also lead to becoming debt free if used for a balance transfer
for credit card consolidation or a debt consolidation card with 0% APR.
Credit Card Debt – The Revolving Door Article discussing credit card debt
as a revolving door, how a credit card can cause consumer debt but also
lead to becoming debt free if used for a balance transfer for credit card
consolidation or a debt consolidation card with 0% APR.  credit card debt,
credit card, consumer debt, becoming debt free, debt free, balance
transfer, credit card consolidation, debt consolidation, 0% APR 