Privacy Options &mdash; How to opt-out - CreditCards.com    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards  Student Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit
Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America  Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa  Credit Card Articles News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online
Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR    Credit Cards Articles Privacy Options – How to Opt Out Privacy Options –
How to Opt Out We get a lot of junk in the mail. Most of it probably ends
up in the garbage. One thing you may be getting that you think is junk
mail from your credit card company can actually be a privacy notice that
includes details of your privacy options. This is NOT junk mail. Most
likely the details found in these notices will tell you how to opt out of
future mailings and information sharing. These notices explain many
things. They explain: What personal finance information the company
collects  Whether they intend to share that information What you can do to limit that
sharing How the company protects your personal financial information Many
companies MUST send out these notices. They include: Banks Insurance
companies Brokerage firms Retail stores that issue their own credit cards
Mortgage brokers Check cashers Financial advisors Why do they share my
information? There are many reasons companies might share your
information&mdash;and not all of them are bad. They may want to offer you
new services or introduce new products. And there is money to be made by
sharing your information as well. But if you want to learn about their
products, then you may want them to share your information. But if you don
t want a lot of junk mail from marketers, then you may want to limit the
amount of information that is shared about you. How can I limit the
sharing of my information? There are ways you can limit the information
that is shared. To do that, you MUST read the privacy notices. They will
tell you how the company will handle the sharing of your information.  There is certain information that you have the right to stop, or
&ldquo;opt-out&rdquo; of. This includes information sent to: Affiliates:
part of the same corporate group as your financial company Non-affiliates:
not part of the same corporate group But there is some information that
companies don t have give you the right to opt out of. Your financial
company can give non-affiliates information such as: Your payment history
on loans and credit cards. This type of information goes to credit bureaus
that monitor your credit report Information demanded by a court order
Records of your payments to data processing firms What does opting out do?
Opting out limits the extent to which a company can share your information.
As stated before, it cannot completely stop them, but it will limit what
they can send to non-affiliates. Usually you can opt-out within 30 days
after you receive your privacy notice. If you don t opt out within that
time, they will share your information. But you can still opt out later.
Just contact your financial company and ask them what you have to do.  So now what do I do? There are certain steps you should follow when you
receive privacy notices: 1. Read the notice 2. Ask your financial company
any questions you might have 3. Decide whether to opt out or not 4. If you
choose to opt out, follow the instructions provided with the notice What if
I need more help? There are many places you can turn to if you are
concerned about a company s privacy policies. The best thing is to contact
that company directly, but if that still doesn t help you, then you can
contact the federal or state agency that oversees that company s industry.
Here is a brief list of those agencies and their contact information for
your reference: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Regulates
state-chartered banks that are members of the Federal Reserve System
Division of Consumer and Community Affairs, Stop 801 20th and C Streets,
NW Washington, DC 20551 202-452-3693  www.federalreserve.gov Commodity Futures Trading Commission Regulates
commodity brokers, commodity trading advisors, commodity pools, and
introducing brokers Privacy Officer, Office of Chief Counsel Division of
Trading and Markets Three Lafayette Center 1155 21st Street, NW
Washington, DC 20581 202-418-5430 www.cftc.gov Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation Regulates state-chartered banks that are not members of the
Federal Reserve System Division of Compliance and Consumer Affairs 550
17th Street, NW Washington, DC 20429 877-ASK-FDIC or 877-275-3342
toll-free www.fdic.gov Federal Trade Commission Regulates any financial
company not covered by the other federal regulators such as mortgage
brokers, tax and investment services, finance companies, credit bureaus,
non-bank lenders, auto dealers, leasing companies, appraisers, real estate
settlement services, credit counseling services, and collection agency
services  Consumer Response Center 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20580
877-FTC-HELP or 877-382-4357 toll-free www.ftc.gov see also
www.consumer.gov/idtheft/ National Credit Union Administration Regulates
federally chartered credit unions Office of Public and Congressional
Affairs 1775 Duke Street Alexandria, VA 22314-3428 703-518-6330
www.ncua.gov Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Regulates national
banks. These typically include banks with national or N.A. in their names.
Customer Assistance Group 1301 McKinney Street Suite 3710 Houston, TX 77010
800-613-6743 toll-free www.occ.treas.gov Office of Thrift Supervision
Regulates federal savings and loan associations and federal savings banks  Consumer Programs 1700 G Street, NW Washington, DC 20552 800-842-6929
toll-free www.ots.treas.gov Securities and Exchange Commission Regulates
brokerage firms, mutual fund companies, and investment advisors Office of
Investor Education and Assistance 450 5th Street, NW Washington, DC
20549-0213 202-942-9634 fax www.sec.gov/complaint.shtml .For other credit
and credit card related articles, please visit our library of articles
Additional Resources Credit and Credit Cards Types of Credit Cards  Glossary of Credit Card Terms Do s and Dont's of Closing Accounts
Protecting Your Credit Card Limiting Your Financial Loss  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Privacy Options &mdash; How to opt-out - CreditCards.com Overview of credit
card privacy options with the question how can I just opt-out, bank and
credit card issuer privacy policy mailings often confused with junk mail
and discarded, information sharing policies of banks with extensive
listing of privacy related resources; for credit card related articles
visit our articles library Privacy Options &mdash; How to opt-out -
CreditCards.com Overview of credit card privacy options with the question
how can I just opt-out, bank and credit card issuer privacy policy
mailings often confused with junk mail and discarded, information sharing
policies of banks with extensive listing of privacy related resources; for
credit card related articles visit our articles library Privacy Options
&mdash; How to opt-out - CreditCards.com Overview of credit card privacy
options with the question how can I just opt-out, bank and credit card
issuer privacy policy mailings often confused with junk mail and
discarded, information sharing policies of banks with extensive listing of
privacy related resources; for credit card related articles visit our
articles library Privacy Options &mdash; How to opt-out - CreditCards.com
Overview of credit card privacy options with the question how can I just
opt-out, bank and credit card issuer privacy policy mailings often
confused with junk mail and discarded, information sharing policies of
banks with extensive listing of privacy related resources; for credit card
related articles visit our articles library Privacy Options &mdash; How to
opt-out - CreditCards.com Overview of credit card privacy options with the
question how can I just opt-out, bank and credit card issuer privacy policy
mailings often confused with junk mail and discarded, information sharing
policies of banks with extensive listing of privacy related resources; for
credit card related articles visit our articles library  credit card,
credit cards, credit card privacy, privacy policy, privacy options, junk
mail, opt-out 