  Low Interest Credit Cards  Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards Reward Credit Cards Cash Back
Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit
Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit  Credit Card Specials Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase Citi
Credit Cards Discover  First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit Card Articles News About
Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online  Credit Card Site Map Credit Card Newsletter CREDIT CARD SPECIALS FOR  Credit Cards Articles Affiliate Marketing 101 Affiliate Marketing 101 If
you are a website owner, even of a tiny operation that only generates a
small amount of incidental traffic, it might be worth exploring the world
of affiliate marketing. The benefits of affiliate marketing are too
numerous to cover in one short article, but suffice it to say that it can
generate significant profits for website owners, even if their primary
website was not built to make money online.  Affiliate marketing, in a nutshell, is the process by which the owner of a
website can advertise another company's products or services to his or her
website visitors and get paid by that company for any sales that come from
the ads. Most affiliate programs are free to join and allow website owners
often called Publishers in the parlance of affiliate marketing to access
professionally developed banner ads and links to put on their sites. A
great new example of an affiliate marketing program is that offered by
CreditCards.com. Recently, CreditCards.com launched its new NETFINITI
Performa nce Based Internet Marketing solution, which allows website
owners to promote the CreditCards.com website and its products on their
individual sites through an affiliate marketing relationship.  There are literally thousands of affiliate programs that a publisher could
join, but the key is to understand what products or service might appeal
to your website visitors. That is why the CreditCards.com Affiliate
Program can be a great fit, even for the smallest of publishers, because
almost every adult in the United States needs a credit card from time to
time. The appeal of credit cards extends across all demographics, ages,
life stages and income levels. The CreditCards.com Affiliate Program can
allow publishers to effectively monetize their current website traffic,
especially if their online presence isn't currently generating income for
the owner. Since compelling credit card offers are highly effective at
getting website visitors to click on offers and apply for new credit
cards, the presence of these affiliate banners can be quite profitable. In
fact, payouts on approved credit card applications are as high as $65
through the CreditCards.com Affiliate Program. Other beneficial aspects of
becoming an affiliate member include being able to access daily tracking
data and getting paid monthly.  To participate in the CreditCards.com Affiliate Program, just join the
NEFINITI Performance Based Internet Marketing network at www.NETFINITI.com
. Then, enroll in the CreditCards.com Affiliate Program, put the banner of
your choice on your site and start earning commissions. In conclusion, if
you are a website owner and are contemplating affiliate marketing programs
available on the web, you should definitely give strong consideration to
CreditCards.com and NETFINITI. Mass appeal, great payouts and state of the
art reporting are a winning combination. For more articles on credit cards
or related topics please visit our library of articles .  Want to know more about credit cards? Below are articles and resources that
should be of interest to you: Credit Cards and Charitable Giving – In
recent year's, credit cards have taken on yet another useful function,
that of funding your favorite charities. Credit Cards 101 – What are
Credit Cards? - A credit card is a great financial tool. It can be more
convenient to use and carry than cash and it offers you valuable consumer
protections under federal law. Cash Back Credit Cards – Compare leading
Cash Back credit card offers side by side. Reward Cards &ndash; Compare
credit cards with rewards programs & apply online    Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Affiliate Marketing 101 Article entitled Affiliate Marketing 101,
describing the basics of how affiliate website owners can generate extra
revenue by displaying banner ads on their site and how the CreditCards.com
program is a good example of how to promote credit card offers. Affiliate
Marketing 101 Article entitled Affiliate Marketing 101, describing the
basics of how affiliate website owners can generate extra revenue by
displaying banner ads on their site and how the CreditCards.com program is
a good example of how to promote credit card offers. Affiliate Marketing
101 Article entitled Affiliate Marketing 101, describing the basics of how
affiliate website owners can generate extra revenue by displaying banner
ads on their site and how the CreditCards.com program is a good example of
how to promote credit card offers. Affiliate Marketing 101 Article entitled
Affiliate Marketing 101, describing the basics of how affiliate website
owners can generate extra revenue by displaying banner ads on their site
and how the CreditCards.com program is a good example of how to promote
credit card offers. Affiliate Marketing 101 Article entitled Affiliate
Marketing 101, describing the basics of how affiliate website owners can
generate extra revenue by displaying banner ads on their site and how the
CreditCards.com program is a good example of how to promote credit card
offers.  affiliate, affiliate marketing, affiliate marketing 101, credit
card 