    Low Interest Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Instant Approval Cards
Reward Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business
Credit Cards Student Credit Cards  Prepaid Debit Cards Credit Cards for Bad Credit Credit Card Specials
Advanta American Express Bank of America Chase  Citi Credit Cards Discover First Premier HSBC Bank MasterCard Visa Credit
Card Articles  News About Credit Cards FAQ's about Applying Online Credit Card Site Map
Credit Card Newsletter Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa Credit Card  The following Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa Credit Card features a
low 0% introductory APR on purchases and balance transfers. Enjoy all the
privileges of membership, including incredible benefits. Apply for the
Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa credit card by filling out an online
application. Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa Card  Receive a $20 Gift Card with your first purchase Earn 2 Points for Every $1
Spent at Borders, Borders.com, and Waldenbooks and Waldenbooks.com Earn 1
point for every $1 spent anywhere else Receive a $5 Store Bonus
Certificate after you collect 500 points No Annual Fee Intro APR Intro APR
Period Regular APR Annual Fee Balance Transfers Credit Needed 0% 12 Months
13.49% None Yes Good Credit  CARD HIGHLIGHTS Receive a $20 Gift Card After Your First Purchase or
Balance Transfer &bull; No Annual Fee &bull; Credit Line from $5,000 up to
$100,000 &bull; Balance Transfer Savings &bull; Valuable Platinum Services
&bull; Earn Points Toward Books, Music, and Movies &bull; Earn 2 Points
for Every $1 Spent at Borders and Waldenbooks Stores &bull; Earn 1 Point
for Every $1 Spent Everywhere Else &bull; Receive a $5 Store Reward
Certificate for Every 500 Points Accrued, Valid at Any Borders or
Waldenbooks Store Location CARD REWARDS Earn Rewards at Borders and
Waldenbooks! As a Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa Cardmember,
savings are just the beginning. After your first purchase, you will
receive a $20 Gift Card redeemable at any Borders, Waldenbooks, and
Brentano's store or online at Borders.com or Waldenbooks.com . Then every
time you collect 500 points, you will receive a Borders and Waldenbooks
Store Reward Certificate worth $5, redeemable for Borders and Waldenbooks
merchandise. Together, Borders superstores and Waldenbooks offer a vast
selection of books, music, and movies - even cafe items. With more than
1,200 convenient locations nationwide, you're sure to find a Borders or
Waldenbooks nearby.  See the online Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa credit card
application for details about terms and conditions of offer. Reasonable
efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However all credit card
information is presented without warranty. When you click on the Apply Here
button you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the credit
card issuer's web site. Still undecided or looking for a second credit
card to apply for? CLICK HERE TO SEARCH, COMPARE, & APPLY FOR CREDIT CARDS
ONLINE  Security Note: All Applications linked to on this site feature Secure SSL
Technology.  Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | About Us | Contact Us | Home Page |
Site Map Copyright 2006 Credit Cards.com  Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa Credit Card Application - Apply
Online Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa at CreditCards.com featuring
low apr and an online application. Apply today with an online secure
Borders and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa credit card application. Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa Credit Card Application - Apply Online Borders
and Waldenbooks Platinum Visa at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an
online application. Apply today with an online secure Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa credit card application. Borders and Waldenbooks
Platinum Visa Credit Card Application - Apply Online Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an
online application. Apply today with an online secure Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa credit card application. Borders and Waldenbooks
Platinum Visa Credit Card Application - Apply Online Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an
online application. Apply today with an online secure Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa credit card application. Borders and Waldenbooks
Platinum Visa Credit Card Application - Apply Online Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa at CreditCards.com featuring low apr and an
online application. Apply today with an online secure Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa credit card application.  Borders and
Waldenbooks Platinum Visa, credit card, apply, online, rate, credit card
application, apr 